# 17739831 - Epione

## Common Data

| Field            | Value                    |
|------------------|--------------------------|
| Zone             | Bastok Markets (ID: 235) |
| Block Size       | 2136 bytes               |
| Total Events     | 7                        |
| References Count | 102                      |

## List of Events

| Event ID              | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|-----------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535) | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [130](#event-130)     | 0x0001       |    750 |            115 |
| [4859](#event-4859)   | 0x02EF       |      5 |              3 |
| [4860](#event-4860)   | 0x02F4       |      5 |              3 |
| [4861](#event-4861)   | 0x02F9       |      5 |              3 |
| [4886](#event-4886)   | 0x02FE       |      5 |              3 |
| [4887](#event-4887)   | 0x0303       |    913 |            284 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x1D7E      |        7550 |
|       1 | 0x1D7F      |        7551 |
|       2 | 0x0000      |           0 |
|       3 | 0x1D80      |        7552 |
|       4 | 0x1D81      |        7553 |
|       5 | 0x0DB6      |        3510 |
|       6 | 0x00C8      |         200 |
|       7 | 0x0087      |         135 |
|       8 | 0x000A      |          10 |
|       9 | 0x1D82      |        7554 |
|      10 | 0x1D83      |        7555 |
|      11 | 0x1D84      |        7556 |
|      12 | 0x1D85      |        7557 |
|      13 | 0x1D86      |        7558 |
|      14 | 0x003C      |          60 |
|      15 | 0x1D87      |        7559 |
|      16 | 0x1D88      |        7560 |
|      17 | 0x1D89      |        7561 |
|      18 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|      19 | 0x0F2A      |        3882 |
|      20 | 0x1D8A      |        7562 |
|      21 | 0x1D8B      |        7563 |
|      22 | 0x1D8C      |        7564 |
|      23 | 0x1D8D      |        7565 |
|      24 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      25 | 0x07DD      |        2013 |
|      26 | 0x001E      |          30 |
|      27 | 0x1D8E      |        7566 |
|      28 | 0x1D8F      |        7567 |
|      29 | 0x1D90      |        7568 |
|      30 | 0x1D91      |        7569 |
|      31 | 0x1D92      |        7570 |
|      32 | 0x1D93      |        7571 |
|      33 | 0x36A6      |       13990 |
|      34 | 0x36A7      |       13991 |
|      35 | 0x36A8      |       13992 |
|      36 | 0x36A9      |       13993 |
|      37 | 0x36AB      |       13995 |
|      38 | 0x36AC      |       13996 |
|      39 | 0x36AD      |       13997 |
|      40 | 0x36AE      |       13998 |
|      41 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|      42 | 0x36B0      |       14000 |
|      43 | 0x36B1      |       14001 |
|      44 | 0x36B2      |       14002 |
|      45 | 0x36B3      |       14003 |
|      46 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      47 | 0x36B5      |       14005 |
|      48 | 0x36B6      |       14006 |
|      49 | 0x36B7      |       14007 |
|      50 | 0x36B8      |       14008 |
|      51 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      52 | 0x36BA      |       14010 |
|      53 | 0x36BB      |       14011 |
|      54 | 0x36BC      |       14012 |
|      55 | 0x36BD      |       14013 |
|      56 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      57 | 0x36BF      |       14015 |
|      58 | 0x36C0      |       14016 |
|      59 | 0x36C1      |       14017 |
|      60 | 0x36C2      |       14018 |
|      61 | 0x0007      |           7 |
|      62 | 0x36C9      |       14025 |
|      63 | 0x36CA      |       14026 |
|      64 | 0x36CB      |       14027 |
|      65 | 0x36CC      |       14028 |
|      66 | 0x36C4      |       14020 |
|      67 | 0x36C5      |       14021 |
|      68 | 0x36C6      |       14022 |
|      69 | 0x36C7      |       14023 |
|      70 | 0x36AA      |       13994 |
|      71 | 0x36AF      |       13999 |
|      72 | 0x36B4      |       14004 |
|      73 | 0x36B9      |       14009 |
|      74 | 0x36BE      |       14014 |
|      75 | 0x36C3      |       14019 |
|      76 | 0x36CD      |       14029 |
|      77 | 0x36C8      |       14024 |
|      78 | 0x36CE      |       14030 |
|      79 | 0x36CF      |       14031 |
|      80 | 0x36D0      |       14032 |
|      81 | 0x36D1      |       14033 |
|      82 | 0x36D2      |       14034 |
|      83 | 0x36D3      |       14035 |
|      84 | 0x36D4      |       14036 |
|      85 | 0x36D5      |       14037 |
|      86 | 0x36D6      |       14038 |
|      87 | 0x36D7      |       14039 |
|      88 | 0x36D8      |       14040 |
|      89 | 0x36D9      |       14041 |
|      90 | 0x36DA      |       14042 |
|      91 | 0x36DB      |       14043 |
|      92 | 0x36DC      |       14044 |
|      93 | 0x36DD      |       14045 |
|      94 | 0x36DE      |       14046 |
|      95 | 0x36DF      |       14047 |
|      96 | 0x36E3      |       14051 |
|      97 | 0x36E4      |       14052 |
|      98 | 0x36E5      |       14053 |
|      99 | 0x36E0      |       14048 |
|     100 | 0x36E1      |       14049 |
|     101 | 0x36E2      |       14050 |

## String References

- **7550**: Yes? Are you in need of assistance?
- **7551**: Ask for directions? [Ask./Don't ask.]
- **7552**: Which area do you want to know about?
- **7553**: Which area do you want to know about? [The Mog House, Metalworks, and the port./The shops and the Mines District./The Kulatz Bridge and the West Gate.]
- **7554**: First, go north from here, then turn east and go down the steps to get to the entrance of the residential area.
- **7555**: You can put your inventory in order or change jobs in your Mog House there.
- **7556**: There is also another entrance to the residential area on the other side of that big building to the left.
- **7557**: If you go north at the intersection instead, you'll come across the entrance to the Metalworks.
- **7558**: The Metalworks is Bastok's center. It's a complex of metal forges, the Blacksmiths' Guild, and all administrative buildings including the President's Office.
- **7559**: Walk further north, passing the other entrance to the residential area on your right, and go down the steps...
- **7560**: ...through a small housing area where you'll find the magic shop, and you'll be at the entrance to the port.
- **7561**: The Port District is where you'll find the air travel agency, the tavern, the drawbridge, and the North Gate.
- **7562**: From here you can see on the left, in order, the Goldsmiths' Guild and the jewelry store. Further back along the canal is a housing area.
- **7563**: On the right is the area where street vendors set up shop, and further down you'll find more houses and the music store.
- **7564**: If you go down the stairs and head south, you'll come to the entrance to the Mines District.
- **7565**: The Mines District is where you'll find the Zeruhn Mines, the Alchemists' Guild, and the South Gate.
- **7566**: On the other side of this fountain is the auction house. You can bid for items or put your own items up for sale at the auctioneer's window.
- **7567**: The Galkan deliveryman there can also send items to people's houses as well as your own.
- **7568**: To the south of the auction house is the Kulatz Bridge. The weapons, armor, and goods shops are there.
- **7569**: If you cross the bridge, you'll come to the West Gate. Walk through the gate to go to South Gustaberg.
- **7570**: You should be able to find one of the guards in charge of assigning missions, and a high guard in charge of conquests, nearby.
- **7571**: Come back and ask me again if you need further assistance.
- **13990**: What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!
- **13991**: Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot.
- **13992**: Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really.
- **13993**: Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?
- **13994**: I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success.
- **13995**: Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?
- **13996**: What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!
- **13997**: I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress.
- **13998**: And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do.
- **13999**: How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!
- **14000**: I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?
- **14001**: Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful.
- **14002**: Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration.
- **14003**: Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart.
- **14004**: Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la\`t.
- **14005**: What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?
- **14006**: 'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore.
- **14007**: While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!
- **14008**: 'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans.
- **14009**: Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!
- **14010**: Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!
- **14011**: ...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back.
- **14012**: As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?
- **14013**: After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts.
- **14014**: Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer.
- **14015**: So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?
- **14016**: Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles.
- **14017**: You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!
- **14018**: And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!
- **14019**: Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!
- **14020**: Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?
- **14021**: Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back.
- **14022**: Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?
- **14023**: Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done.
- **14024**: I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend.
- **14025**: What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!
- **14026**: What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?
- **14027**: Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs.
- **14028**: But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?
- **14029**: What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!
- **14030**: A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one.
- **14031**: I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!
- **14032**: And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!
- **14033**: Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?
- **14034**: Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula.
- **14035**: I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint.
- **14036**: What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?
- **14037**: How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration.
- **14038**: Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer.
- **14039**: Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?
- **14040**: What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru.
- **14041**: The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you."
- **14042**: A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?
- **14043**: Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met...
- **14044**: Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!
- **14045**: Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer.
- **14046**: I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!
- **14047**: No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!
- **14048**: Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on.
- **14049**: The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month.
- **14050**: I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope.
- **14051**: A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!
- **14052**: What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it...
- **14053**: Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 130

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001    |
| Data Size    | 750 bytes |
| Instructions | 114       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    1E F0 FF FF 7F 1D 00  80 23 24 01 80 02 80 02   ........#$.....
0010: 80 25 02 00 10 02 80 00  92 02 1D 03 80 23 24 04  .%...........#$.
0020: 80 02 80 02 80 25 02 00  10 02 80 00 FF 00 46 01  .....%........F.
0030: 42 39 05 80 45 06 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 66  B9..E..........f
0040: 64 6F 30 02 80 55 06 80  F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  do0..U..........
0050: 66 64 6F 30 45 06 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 66  fdo0E..........f
0060: 64 69 30 02 80 45 07 80  F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  di0..E..........
0070: 73 30 30 39 02 80 6F 70  66 08 80 F8 FF FF 7F F8  s009..opf.......
0080: FF FF 7F 70 6F 69 31 1D  09 80 23 1D 0A 80 23 1D  ...poi1...#...#.
0090: 0B 80 23 55 07 80 F0 FF  FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30  ..#U..........s0
00A0: 30 39 45 07 80 F0 FF FF  7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30 31  09E..........s01
00B0: 30 02 80 1D 0C 80 23 1D  0D 80 23 55 07 80 F0 FF  0.....#...#U....
00C0: FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30  31 30 45 07 80 F0 FF FF  ......s010E.....
00D0: 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30 31  31 02 80 1C 0E 80 1D 0F  .....s011.......
00E0: 80 23 1C 0E 80 1D 10 80  23 1D 11 80 23 55 07 80  .#......#...#U..
00F0: F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  73 30 31 31 01 8F 02 02  ........s011....
0100: 00 10 12 80 00 C5 01 46  01 42 39 13 80 45 06 80  .......F.B9..E..
0110: F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  66 64 6F 30 02 80 55 06  ........fdo0..U.
0120: 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF  7F 66 64 6F 30 45 06 80  .........fdo0E..
0130: F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  66 64 69 30 02 80 45 07  ........fdi0..E.
0140: 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF  7F 73 30 31 32 02 80 6F  .........s012..o
0150: 70 66 08 80 F8 FF FF 7F  F8 FF FF 7F 70 6F 69 31  pf..........poi1
0160: 1D 14 80 23 55 07 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73  ...#U..........s
0170: 30 31 32 45 07 80 F0 FF  FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30  012E..........s0
0180: 31 33 02 80 1C 0E 80 1D  15 80 23 55 07 80 F0 FF  13........#U....
0190: FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30  31 33 45 07 80 F0 FF FF  ......s013E.....
01A0: 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30 31  34 02 80 1D 16 80 23 1D  .....s014.....#.
01B0: 17 80 23 55 07 80 F0 FF  FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73 30  ..#U..........s0
01C0: 31 34 01 8F 02 02 00 10  18 80 00 8F 02 46 01 42  14...........F.B
01D0: 45 06 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0  FF FF 7F 66 64 6F 30 02  E..........fdo0.
01E0: 80 39 19 80 55 06 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 66  .9..U..........f
01F0: 64 6F 30 45 06 80 F0 FF  FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 66 64  do0E..........fd
0200: 69 30 02 80 45 07 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73  i0..E..........s
0210: 30 31 35 02 80 6F 70 66  08 80 F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF  015..opf........
0220: FF 7F 70 6F 69 31 1C 1A  80 1D 1B 80 23 1D 1C 80  ..poi1......#...
0230: 23 55 07 80 F0 FF FF 7F  F0 FF FF 7F 73 30 31 35  #U..........s015
0240: 45 07 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0  FF FF 7F 73 30 31 36 02  E..........s016.
0250: 80 1D 1D 80 23 55 07 80  F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  ....#U..........
0260: 73 30 31 36 45 07 80 F0  FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 73  s016E..........s
0270: 30 31 37 02 80 1D 1E 80  23 1D 1F 80 23 55 07 80  017.....#...#U..
0280: F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F  73 30 31 37 01 8F 02 01  ........s017....
0290: 9F 02 02 00 10 12 80 00  9F 02 21 00 01 9F 02 45  ..........!....E
02A0: 06 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0 FF  FF 7F 66 64 6F 30 02 80  ..........fdo0..
02B0: 55 06 80 F0 FF FF 7F F0  FF FF 7F 66 64 6F 30 46  U..........fdo0F
02C0: 00 66 08 80 F8 FF FF 7F  F8 FF FF 7F 70 6F 69 32  .f..........poi2
02D0: 1C 0E 80 45 06 80 F0 FF  FF 7F F0 FF FF 7F 66 64  ...E..........fd
02E0: 69 31 02 80 1E F0 FF FF  7F 1D 20 80 23 21 00     i1........ .#!. 
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  1: 0x0006 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7550*)
    → "Yes? Are you in need of assistance?"
  2: 0x0009 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  3: 0x000A [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=7551*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Ask for directions? [Ask./Don't ask.]"
  4: 0x0011 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
  5: 0x0012 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x0292
  6: 0x001A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7552*)
    → "Which area do you want to know about?"
  7: 0x001D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  8: 0x001E [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=7553*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Which area do you want to know about? [The Mog House, Metalworks, and the port./The shops and the Mines District./The Kulatz Bridge and the West Gate.]"
  9: 0x0025 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 10: 0x0026 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x00FF
 11: 0x002E [0x46] CAMERA_CONTROL: Disable user control
 12: 0x0030 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
 13: 0x0031 [0x39] SET_ENTITY_DIRECTION(direction=19.3°*)
 14: 0x0034 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 15: 0x0045 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=200*
 16: 0x0054 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdi0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 17: 0x0065 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s009" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 18: 0x0076 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
 19: 0x0077 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
 20: 0x0078 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "poi1" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=10*
 21: 0x0087 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7554*)
    → "First, go north from here, then turn east and go down the steps to get to the entrance of the residential area."
 22: 0x008A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 23: 0x008B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7555*)
    → "You can put your inventory in order or change jobs in your Mog House there."
 24: 0x008E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 25: 0x008F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7556*)
    → "There is also another entrance to the residential area on the other side of that big building to the left."
 26: 0x0092 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 27: 0x0093 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s009" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 28: 0x00A2 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s010" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 29: 0x00B3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7557*)
    → "If you go north at the intersection instead, you'll come across the entrance to the Metalworks."
 30: 0x00B6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 31: 0x00B7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7558*)
    → "The Metalworks is Bastok's center. It's a complex of metal forges, the Blacksmiths' Guild, and all administrative buildings including the President's Office."
 32: 0x00BA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 33: 0x00BB [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s010" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 34: 0x00CA [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s011" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 35: 0x00DB [0x1C] WAIT(60* ticks)
 36: 0x00DE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7559*)
    → "Walk further north, passing the other entrance to the residential area on your right, and go down the steps..."
 37: 0x00E1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 38: 0x00E2 [0x1C] WAIT(60* ticks)
 39: 0x00E5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7560*)
    → "...through a small housing area where you'll find the magic shop, and you'll be at the entrance to the port."
 40: 0x00E8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 41: 0x00E9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7561*)
    → "The Port District is where you'll find the air travel agency, the tavern, the drawbridge, and the North Gate."
 42: 0x00EC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 43: 0x00ED [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s011" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 44: 0x00FC [0x01] GOTO 0x028F
 45: 0x00FF [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x01C5
 46: 0x0107 [0x46] CAMERA_CONTROL: Disable user control
 47: 0x0109 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
 48: 0x010A [0x39] SET_ENTITY_DIRECTION(direction=21.3°*)
 49: 0x010D [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 50: 0x011E [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=200*
 51: 0x012D [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdi0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 52: 0x013E [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s012" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 53: 0x014F [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
 54: 0x0150 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
 55: 0x0151 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "poi1" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=10*
 56: 0x0160 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7562*)
    → "From here you can see on the left, in order, the Goldsmiths' Guild and the jewelry store. Further back along the canal is a housing area."
 57: 0x0163 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 58: 0x0164 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s012" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 59: 0x0173 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s013" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 60: 0x0184 [0x1C] WAIT(60* ticks)
 61: 0x0187 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7563*)
    → "On the right is the area where street vendors set up shop, and further down you'll find more houses and the music store."
 62: 0x018A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 63: 0x018B [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s013" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 64: 0x019A [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s014" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 65: 0x01AB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7564*)
    → "If you go down the stairs and head south, you'll come to the entrance to the Mines District."
 66: 0x01AE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 67: 0x01AF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7565*)
    → "The Mines District is where you'll find the Zeruhn Mines, the Alchemists' Guild, and the South Gate."
 68: 0x01B2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 69: 0x01B3 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s014" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 70: 0x01C2 [0x01] GOTO 0x028F
 71: 0x01C5 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x028F
 72: 0x01CD [0x46] CAMERA_CONTROL: Disable user control
 73: 0x01CF [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
 74: 0x01D0 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 75: 0x01E1 [0x39] SET_ENTITY_DIRECTION(direction=11.1°*)
 76: 0x01E4 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=200*
 77: 0x01F3 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdi0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
 78: 0x0204 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s015" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 79: 0x0215 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
 80: 0x0216 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
 81: 0x0217 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "poi1" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=10*
 82: 0x0226 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 83: 0x0229 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7566*)
    → "On the other side of this fountain is the auction house. You can bid for items or put your own items up for sale at the auctioneer's window."
 84: 0x022C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 85: 0x022D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7567*)
    → "The Galkan deliveryman there can also send items to people's houses as well as your own."
 86: 0x0230 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 87: 0x0231 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s015" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 88: 0x0240 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s016" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 89: 0x0251 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7568*)
    → "To the south of the auction house is the Kulatz Bridge. The weapons, armor, and goods shops are there."
 90: 0x0254 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 91: 0x0255 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s016" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 92: 0x0264 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "s017" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[135*, 0*]
 93: 0x0275 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7569*)
    → "If you cross the bridge, you'll come to the West Gate. Walk through the gate to go to South Gustaberg."
 94: 0x0278 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 95: 0x0279 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7570*)
    → "You should be able to find one of the guards in charge of assigning missions, and a high guard in charge of conquests, nearby."
 96: 0x027C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 97: 0x027D [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "s017" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=135*
 98: 0x028C [0x01] GOTO 0x028F

SUBROUTINE_028F:
 99: 0x028F [0x01] GOTO 0x029F
100: 0x0292 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x029F
101: 0x029A [0x21] END_EVENT
102: 0x029B [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_029F:
103: 0x029F [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
104: 0x02B0 [0x55] WAIT_LOAD_SCHEDULER: Wait for scheduler "fdo0" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=200*
105: 0x02BF [0x46] CAMERA_CONTROL: Restore default settings
106: 0x02C1 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "poi2" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=10*
107: 0x02D0 [0x1C] WAIT(60* ticks)
108: 0x02D3 [0x45] LOAD_SCHEDULED_TASK: Load scheduler "fdi1" with entities [LocalPlayer, LocalPlayer], work=[200*, 0*]
109: 0x02E4 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
110: 0x02E9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7571*)
    → "Come back and ask me again if you need further assistance."
111: 0x02EC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
112: 0x02ED [0x21] END_EVENT
113: 0x02EE [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x029C [0x01] GOTO 0x029F
```

### Event 4859

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x02EF  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
02E0:                                               1A                 .
02F0: 08 03 21 00                                       ..!.            
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x02EF [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0308)
  1: 0x02F2 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x02F3 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4860

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x02F4  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
02F0:             1A 4A 04 21  00                           .J.!.       
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x02F4 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x044A)
  1: 0x02F7 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x02F8 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4861

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x02F9  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
02F0:                             1A E4 04 21 00                 ...!.  
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x02F9 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x04E4)
  1: 0x02FC [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x02FD [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4886

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x02FE  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
02F0:                                            1A 5F                ._
0300: 05 21 00                                          .!.             
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x02FE [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x055F)
  1: 0x0301 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0302 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4887

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0303    |
| Data Size    | 913 bytes |
| Instructions | 38        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0300:          1A 1A 06 21 00  03 00 00 06 10 1E F0 FF     ...!.........
0310: FF 7F 6F 70 02 00 00 12  80 00 3C 03 2C F8 FF FF  ..op......<.,...
0320: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 21 80 23 1D 22 80  .....tlk0.!.#.".
0330: 23 1D 23 80 23 1D 24 80  23 01 49 04 02 00 00 18  #.#.#.$.#.I.....
0340: 80 00 64 03 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ..d.,........tlk
0350: 30 1D 25 80 23 1D 26 80  23 1D 27 80 23 1D 28 80  0.%.#.&.#.'.#.(.
0360: 23 01 49 04 02 00 00 29  80 00 8C 03 2C F8 FF FF  #.I....)....,...
0370: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 2A 80 23 1D 2B 80  .....tlk0.*.#.+.
0380: 23 1D 2C 80 23 1D 2D 80  23 01 49 04 02 00 00 2E  #.,.#.-.#.I.....
0390: 80 00 B4 03 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ....,........tlk
03A0: 30 1D 2F 80 23 1D 30 80  23 1D 31 80 23 1D 32 80  0./.#.0.#.1.#.2.
03B0: 23 01 49 04 02 00 00 33  80 00 DC 03 2C F8 FF FF  #.I....3....,...
03C0: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 34 80 23 1D 35 80  .....tlk0.4.#.5.
03D0: 23 1D 36 80 23 1D 37 80  23 01 49 04 02 00 00 38  #.6.#.7.#.I....8
03E0: 80 00 04 04 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ....,........tlk
03F0: 30 1D 39 80 23 1D 3A 80  23 1D 3B 80 23 1D 3C 80  0.9.#.:.#.;.#.<.
0400: 23 01 49 04 02 00 00 3D  80 00 2C 04 2C F8 FF FF  #.I....=..,.,...
0410: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 3E 80 23 1D 3F 80  .....tlk0.>.#.?.
0420: 23 1D 40 80 23 1D 41 80  23 01 49 04 2C F8 FF FF  #.@.#.A.#.I.,...
0430: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 42 80 23 1D 43 80  .....tlk0.B.#.C.
0440: 23 1D 44 80 23 1D 45 80  23 1B 03 00 00 06 10 1E  #.D.#.E.#.......
0450: F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02 00  00 12 80 00 69 04 1D 23  ....op......i..#
0460: 80 23 1D 24 80 23 01 E3  04 02 00 00 18 80 00 7C  .#.$.#.........|
0470: 04 1D 27 80 23 1D 28 80  23 01 E3 04 02 00 00 29  ..'.#.(.#......)
0480: 80 00 8F 04 1D 2C 80 23  1D 2D 80 23 01 E3 04 02  .....,.#.-.#....
0490: 00 00 2E 80 00 A2 04 1D  31 80 23 1D 32 80 23 01  ........1.#.2.#.
04A0: E3 04 02 00 00 33 80 00  B5 04 1D 36 80 23 1D 37  .....3.....6.#.7
04B0: 80 23 01 E3 04 02 00 00  38 80 00 C8 04 1D 3B 80  .#......8.....;.
04C0: 23 1D 3C 80 23 01 E3 04  02 00 00 3D 80 00 DB 04  #.<.#......=....
04D0: 1D 40 80 23 1D 41 80 23  01 E3 04 1D 44 80 23 1D  .@.#.A.#....D.#.
04E0: 45 80 23 1B 03 00 00 06  10 42 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F  E.#......B.....o
04F0: 70 02 00 00 12 80 00 00  05 1D 46 80 23 01 5E 05  p.........F.#.^.
0500: 02 00 00 18 80 00 0F 05  1D 47 80 23 01 5E 05 02  .........G.#.^..
0510: 00 00 29 80 00 1E 05 1D  48 80 23 01 5E 05 02 00  ..).....H.#.^...
0520: 00 2E 80 00 2D 05 1D 49  80 23 01 5E 05 02 00 00  ....-..I.#.^....
0530: 33 80 00 3C 05 1D 4A 80  23 01 5E 05 02 00 00 38  3..<..J.#.^....8
0540: 80 00 4B 05 1D 4B 80 23  01 5E 05 02 00 00 3D 80  ..K..K.#.^....=.
0550: 00 5A 05 1D 4C 80 23 01  5E 05 1D 4D 80 23 1B 03  .Z..L.#.^..M.#..
0560: 00 00 06 10 42 1E F0 FF  FF 7F 6F 70 02 00 00 12  ....B.....op....
0570: 80 00 83 05 1D 4E 80 23  1D 4F 80 23 1D 50 80 23  .....N.#.O.#.P.#
0580: 01 19 06 02 00 00 18 80  00 9A 05 1D 51 80 23 1D  ............Q.#.
0590: 52 80 23 1D 53 80 23 01  19 06 02 00 00 29 80 00  R.#.S.#......)..
05A0: B1 05 1D 54 80 23 1D 55  80 23 1D 56 80 23 01 19  ...T.#.U.#.V.#..
05B0: 06 02 00 00 2E 80 00 C8  05 1D 57 80 23 1D 58 80  ..........W.#.X.
05C0: 23 1D 59 80 23 01 19 06  02 00 00 33 80 00 DF 05  #.Y.#......3....
05D0: 1D 5A 80 23 1D 5B 80 23  1D 5C 80 23 01 19 06 02  .Z.#.[.#.\.#....
05E0: 00 00 38 80 00 F6 05 1D  5D 80 23 1D 5E 80 23 1D  ..8.....].#.^.#.
05F0: 5F 80 23 01 19 06 02 00  00 3D 80 00 0D 06 1D 60  _.#......=.....`
0600: 80 23 1D 61 80 23 1D 62  80 23 01 19 06 1D 63 80  .#.a.#.b.#....c.
0610: 23 1D 64 80 23 1D 65 80  23 1B 03 00 00 06 10 1E  #.d.#.e.#.......
0620: F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02 00  00 12 80 00 35 06 1D 50  ....op......5..P
0630: 80 23 01 93 06 02 00 00  18 80 00 44 06 1D 53 80  .#.........D..S.
0640: 23 01 93 06 02 00 00 29  80 00 53 06 1D 56 80 23  #......)..S..V.#
0650: 01 93 06 02 00 00 2E 80  00 62 06 1D 59 80 23 01  .........b..Y.#.
0660: 93 06 02 00 00 33 80 00  71 06 1D 5C 80 23 01 93  .....3..q..\.#..
0670: 06 02 00 00 38 80 00 80  06 1D 5F 80 23 01 93 06  ....8....._.#...
0680: 02 00 00 3D 80 00 8F 06  1D 62 80 23 01 93 06 1D  ...=.....b.#....
0690: 65 80 23 1B                                       e.#.            
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0303 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x061A)
  1: 0x0306 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0307 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_061A:
  3: 0x061A [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
  4: 0x061F [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  5: 0x0624 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  6: 0x0625 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  7: 0x0626 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0635
  8: 0x062E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14032*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
  9: 0x0631 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 10: 0x0632 [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 11: 0x0635 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0644
 12: 0x063D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14035*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
 13: 0x0640 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 14: 0x0641 [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 15: 0x0644 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0653
 16: 0x064C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14038*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
 17: 0x064F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 18: 0x0650 [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 19: 0x0653 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0662
 20: 0x065B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14041*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
 21: 0x065E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 22: 0x065F [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 23: 0x0662 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x0671
 24: 0x066A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14044*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
 25: 0x066D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 26: 0x066E [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 27: 0x0671 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0680
 28: 0x0679 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14047*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
 29: 0x067C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 30: 0x067D [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 31: 0x0680 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x068F
 32: 0x0688 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14053*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
 33: 0x068B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x068C [0x01] GOTO 0x0693
 35: 0x068F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14050*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
 36: 0x0692 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION

SUBROUTINE_0693:
 37: 0x0693 [0x1B] RETURN
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x0308 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x030D [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0312 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0313 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0314 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x033C
     0x031C [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0329 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13990*)
    → "What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!"
     0x032C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x032D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13991*)
    → "Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot."
     0x0330 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0331 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13992*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x0334 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0335 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13993*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x0338 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0339 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x033C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0364
     0x0344 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0351 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13995*)
    → "Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?"
     0x0354 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0355 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13996*)
    → "What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!"
     0x0358 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0359 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13997*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x035C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x035D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13998*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x0360 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0361 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x0364 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x038C
     0x036C [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0379 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14000*)
    → "I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?"
     0x037C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x037D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14001*)
    → "Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful."
     0x0380 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0381 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14002*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x0384 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0385 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14003*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x0388 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0389 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x038C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x03B4
     0x0394 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x03A1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14005*)
    → "What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?"
     0x03A4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03A5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14006*)
    → "'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore."
     0x03A8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03A9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14007*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x03AC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03AD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14008*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x03B0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03B1 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x03B4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x03DC
     0x03BC [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x03C9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14010*)
    → "Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!"
     0x03CC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03CD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14011*)
    → "...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back."
     0x03D0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03D1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14012*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x03D4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03D5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14013*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x03D8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03D9 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x03DC [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0404
     0x03E4 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x03F1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14015*)
    → "So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?"
     0x03F4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03F5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14016*)
    → "Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles."
     0x03F8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03F9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14017*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x03FC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03FD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14018*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x0400 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0401 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x0404 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x042C
     0x040C [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0419 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14025*)
    → "What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!"
     0x041C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x041D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14026*)
    → "What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?"
     0x0420 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0421 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14027*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x0424 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0425 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14028*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x0428 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0429 [0x01] GOTO 0x0449
     0x042C [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0439 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14020*)
    → "Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?"
     0x043C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x043D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14021*)
    → "Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back."
     0x0440 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0441 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14022*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x0444 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0445 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14023*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x0448 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0449 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x044A [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x044F [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0454 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0455 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0456 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0469
     0x045E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13992*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x0461 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0462 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13993*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x0465 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0466 [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x0469 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x047C
     0x0471 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13997*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x0474 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0475 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13998*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x0478 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0479 [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x047C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x048F
     0x0484 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14002*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x0487 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0488 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14003*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x048B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x048C [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x048F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x04A2
     0x0497 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14007*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x049A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x049B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14008*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x049E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x049F [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x04A2 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x04B5
     0x04AA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14012*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x04AD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04AE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14013*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x04B1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04B2 [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x04B5 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x04C8
     0x04BD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14017*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x04C0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04C1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14018*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x04C4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04C5 [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x04C8 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x04DB
     0x04D0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14027*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x04D3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04D4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14028*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x04D7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04D8 [0x01] GOTO 0x04E3
     0x04DB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14022*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x04DE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04DF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14023*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x04E2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04E3 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x04E4 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x04E9 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x04EA [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x04EF [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x04F0 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x04F1 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0500
     0x04F9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13994*)
    → "I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success."
     0x04FC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x04FD [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x0500 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x050F
     0x0508 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=13999*)
    → "How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!"
     0x050B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x050C [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x050F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x051E
     0x0517 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14004*)
    → "Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la`t."
     0x051A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x051B [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x051E [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x052D
     0x0526 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14009*)
    → "Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!"
     0x0529 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x052A [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x052D [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x053C
     0x0535 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14014*)
    → "Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer."
     0x0538 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0539 [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x053C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x054B
     0x0544 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14019*)
    → "Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!"
     0x0547 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0548 [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x054B [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x055A
     0x0553 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14029*)
    → "What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!"
     0x0556 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0557 [0x01] GOTO 0x055E
     0x055A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14024*)
    → "I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend."
     0x055D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x055E [0x1B] RETURN
     0x055F [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0564 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x0565 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x056A [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x056B [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x056C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0583
     0x0574 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14030*)
    → "A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one."
     0x0577 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0578 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14031*)
    → "I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!"
     0x057B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x057C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14032*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
     0x057F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0580 [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x0583 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x059A
     0x058B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14033*)
    → "Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?"
     0x058E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x058F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14034*)
    → "Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula."
     0x0592 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0593 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14035*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
     0x0596 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0597 [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x059A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x05B1
     0x05A2 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14036*)
    → "What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?"
     0x05A5 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05A6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14037*)
    → "How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration."
     0x05A9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05AA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14038*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
     0x05AD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05AE [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x05B1 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x05C8
     0x05B9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14039*)
    → "Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?"
     0x05BC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05BD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14040*)
    → "What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru."
     0x05C0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05C1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14041*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
     0x05C4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05C5 [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x05C8 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x05DF
     0x05D0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14042*)
    → "A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?"
     0x05D3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05D4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14043*)
    → "Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met..."
     0x05D7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05D8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14044*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
     0x05DB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05DC [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x05DF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x05F6
     0x05E7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14045*)
    → "Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer."
     0x05EA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05EB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14046*)
    → "I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!"
     0x05EE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05EF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14047*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
     0x05F2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x05F3 [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x05F6 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x060D
     0x05FE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14051*)
    → "A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!"
     0x0601 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0602 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14052*)
    → "What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it..."
     0x0605 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0606 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14053*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
     0x0609 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x060A [0x01] GOTO 0x0619
     0x060D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14048*)
    → "Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on."
     0x0610 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0611 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14049*)
    → "The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month."
     0x0614 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0615 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=14050*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
     0x0618 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0619 [0x1B] RETURN
```
