# 17944593 - Maccus

## Common Data

| Field            | Value              |
|------------------|--------------------|
| Zone             | Feretory (ID: 285) |
| Block Size       | 712 bytes          |
| Total Events     | 3                  |
| References Count | 64                 |

## List of Events

| Event ID              | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|-----------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535) | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [9](#event-9)         | 0x0001       |    425 |            154 |
| [2](#event-2)         | 0x01AA       |      1 |              1 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x0000      |           0 |
|       1 | 0x1C5F      |        7263 |
|       2 | 0x1C96      |        7318 |
|       3 | 0x1C60      |        7264 |
|       4 | 0x1C61      |        7265 |
|       5 | 0x1C62      |        7266 |
|       6 | 0x1C63      |        7267 |
|       7 | 0x1C64      |        7268 |
|       8 | 0x1C65      |        7269 |
|       9 | 0x1C66      |        7270 |
|      10 | 0x1C67      |        7271 |
|      11 | 0x1C68      |        7272 |
|      12 | 0x1C69      |        7273 |
|      13 | 0x1C6A      |        7274 |
|      14 | 0x1C6B      |        7275 |
|      15 | 0x1C6C      |        7276 |
|      16 | 0x1C6D      |        7277 |
|      17 | 0x1C6E      |        7278 |
|      18 | 0x1C6F      |        7279 |
|      19 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|      20 | 0x1C70      |        7280 |
|      21 | 0x1C71      |        7281 |
|      22 | 0x1C72      |        7282 |
|      23 | 0x1C73      |        7283 |
|      24 | 0x1C74      |        7284 |
|      25 | 0x1C75      |        7285 |
|      26 | 0x1C76      |        7286 |
|      27 | 0x1C77      |        7287 |
|      28 | 0x1C78      |        7288 |
|      29 | 0x1C79      |        7289 |
|      30 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      31 | 0x1C7A      |        7290 |
|      32 | 0x1C7B      |        7291 |
|      33 | 0x1C7C      |        7292 |
|      34 | 0x1C7D      |        7293 |
|      35 | 0x1C7E      |        7294 |
|      36 | 0x1C7F      |        7295 |
|      37 | 0x1C80      |        7296 |
|      38 | 0x1C81      |        7297 |
|      39 | 0x1C82      |        7298 |
|      40 | 0x1C83      |        7299 |
|      41 | 0x1C84      |        7300 |
|      42 | 0x1C85      |        7301 |
|      43 | 0x1C86      |        7302 |
|      44 | 0x1C87      |        7303 |
|      45 | 0x1C88      |        7304 |
|      46 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|      47 | 0x1C89      |        7305 |
|      48 | 0x1C8A      |        7306 |
|      49 | 0x1C8B      |        7307 |
|      50 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      51 | 0x1C8C      |        7308 |
|      52 | 0x1C8D      |        7309 |
|      53 | 0x1C8E      |        7310 |
|      54 | 0x1C8F      |        7311 |
|      55 | 0x1C90      |        7312 |
|      56 | 0x1C91      |        7313 |
|      57 | 0x1C92      |        7314 |
|      58 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      59 | 0x1C93      |        7315 |
|      60 | 0x1C94      |        7316 |
|      61 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      62 | 0x1C97      |        7319 |
|      63 | 0x1C95      |        7317 |

## String References

- **7263**: Moreover, the same tactics we employed upon thee will not work with other vessels. It is my burden to impart to thee all my knowledge of our research, so reserve nothing and ask plenty.
- **7264**: What will you ask about? [Monstrosity in general./Possible opponents./Customization./Ranks./Infamy./Rewards./Nothing.]
- **7265**: Monstrosity is the phenomenon by which adventurers take control of monsters and expand their souls inside their new bodies.
- **7266**: What becometh of the beings possessed? There exist some things that are simply best not to know. Make not such inquisitions eft.
- **7267**: Ifsoever thou findest any of my teachings detestable, I recommend thee slink off into the night and return to whencesoever thou camest.
- **7268**: ...Allow me to begin anew.
- **7269**: Possession of any monsters shall take place within the confines of the Feretory.
- **7270**: Thou mayest wish to jump twixt vessels at thine own whim, but such action is wrought with danger. The soul is a delicate entity.
- **7271**: Lest thou art willing to render thyself as vulnerable as a babe before beasts, the Feretory is the only place where thy safety is assured.
- **7272**: One may enter from the Pashhow Marshlands, Northern San d'Oria, Port Bastok, and Port Windurst. Pass through any and all the gateways at thine own behest.
- **7273**: Nor is there need to fear for thy original frame.
- **7274**: Adventurers such as thee are a coveted commodity to our maegister. We shall ensure that nary a scratch appeareth upon its skin while it doth lie within our care.
- **7275**: Once the transition is complete, make haste to the odyssean passage and depart for the location of thy choice, in which thou mayest battle to thy heart's content.
- **7276**: Hark! Once thou departest for a land yonder, it is impossible to move to another. Thereon, I ask thee to think long and hard afore making thy decision.
- **7277**: Whenas thou growest weary of thy monstrous flesh and wish to return to thy original form, rescind control of thy host with "Relinquish."
- **7278**: Howbeit, receiving blows from foes and moving in even the slightest manner shall countermand the directive.
- **7279**: It would not do for an important personage such as thee to have thy soul bared to the elements.
- **7280**: Those who do shed their mortal frame for another body in Monstrosity may engage adventurers and commonplace monsters alike.
- **7281**: Alas and alack, thou art forbidden from attacking adventurers who give not their permission to do battle.
- **7282**: Maugre their contrary form, monipulators are of the same ilk as adventurers, and thus may do their brethren no harm.
- **7283**: This is both a rule and physical impossibility. In the event that a monipulator should raise its claws to a defenseless adventurer, metaphorical shackles shall restrain the offender and prevent any aggression.
- **7284**: Were this measure not in place, thy soul would gradually erode, causing the complete destruction of thy psyche.
- **7285**: Yet the rub is that exchanging blows with adventurers doth strengthen the soul and helpeth it develop.
- **7286**: Luckily, granting permission to engage in belligerency quelleth the stimuli that beget psychic erosion.
- **7287**: In the event that thou yearnest to cull ferocious monipulators and release thyself from the protective veil that doth cover adventurers, seek out Aengus, whose charge it is to oversee belligerency permission.
- **7288**: Beware that certain areas do not welcome the weak of soul, that a sufficiently mature essence is required to partake in the bloodshed.
- **7289**: Lastly, though monipulators may not brawl in tandem, adventurers may tackle their foes in parties of like-minded individuals.
- **7290**: Inside the Feretory, thy very choices in this realm will be warped and transmogrified. (The "Equipment" menu will become "Customization.")
- **7291**: It is here that monipulators decide upon the monster they wish to control, its epithet, and the instincts it shall possess.
- **7292**: Ask about what? [Species./Naming./Instincts./Nothing.]
- **7293**: Thy bestiary doth be the gateway through which thou stridest when possessing fiends. (Choose the monster you wish to possess from the "Species" menu.)
- **7294**: The number of monsters thou mayest harbor will be small at first, but the higher thy level riseth, the more thou canst hoard.
- **7295**: As a rule, thou shalt only be able to select new monsters of the same species which thou hast leveled.
- **7296**: Exceptions do exist, however, and there shall be times when it is possible to unleash thy soul upon different types.
- **7297**: Every monipulator, both accomplished and naif, may dub their ferocious vessel with an alias. (Choose a name for your monstrous conduit from the "Naming" menu.)
- **7298**: An alias doth consist of two descriptors added to the species name of thy host.
- **7299**: The name itself exerteth not an iota of influence on thy battles or others. Thus, it behooveth thee to change thy name to coincide with thy whims.
- **7300**: Spreading terror as a monipulator and raising thy level increaseth thy familiarity with that species, theron mastering "instincts."
- **7301**: Though they may be traits innately imbedded within the creature thou commandest, they must be imprinted via the proper menu to have their powers released.
- **7302**: Mastered instincts can be imprinted upon any monstrous frame thou possessest, regardless of the species from which thou obtained it.
- **7303**: Thou cannot simply imprint every instinct learned swoopstake, however. Each comes with its own cost, and we cannot allow thee to exceed the limit.
- **7304**: As old a guideline as time itself, the more puissant the instinct, the higher its cost shall be. The choice is yours whether thy arsenal shall consist of myriad weaker weapons or few strong ones.
- **7305**: The monipulator hierarchy resembleth those of normal monsters to a striking degree. Monipulators may evolve from monsters (Mon) to notorious monsters (NM), and once more to high notorious monsters (HNM).
- **7306**: Thy rank may rise in correlation with thy infamy, but shall never reach thresholds greater than "Mon" if thou art not engaged in belligerency with adventurers.
- **7307**: Once thou attainest the rank of NM and HNM, thy fetters doth loosen further. The maximum amount of points thou mayest allocate for instincts burgeons, enabling thee to imprint more and stronger ones.
- **7308**: Infamy is similar to the mortal concept adventurers like thee dub fame.
- **7309**: The caveat is that while monipulators accrue infamy from emerging victorious in battle, the converse doth ring true as well. Defeat depleteth thy hard-earned stocks.
- **7310**: The more ferocious the beast, the higher the stakes, for HNM and NM monipulators lose more infamy than those inhabiting normal monsters.
- **7311**: Each rank also has a corresponding maximum amount of infamy, and thou mayest view both thy infamy and rank under the status menu.
- **7312**: Finally, thou canst bequeath thy infamy to my kinsman Teyrnon in exchange for rewards that doth give thy rampages their spice.
- **7313**: If no reward striketh thee as appropriate recompense, it is also thy prerogative to receive the support befitting a bloodthirsty monipulator.
- **7314**: Beware, however, that these blessings shall float upon the winds to the four corners of Vana'diel shouldst thee discard thy current vessel or be transported avaunt after entering belligerency.
- **7315**: Adventurers who are willing to combat monipulators are termed "gladiators."
- **7316**: Gladiators possess their own hierarchy, and slaughtering either champion gladiators or high champion gladiators occasionally earns thee spoils of war.
- **7317**: Thy soul pineth for more than thou canst conceive. Set it free and embark upon monstrous exploits the likes of which Vana'diel hath never witnessed.
- **7318**: What do you wish to do? [Hear an explanation./Engage in friendly banter./Nothing.]
- **7319**: Our maegister doth appreciate ambition. If thou showest ample poise and determination, mayhap one day thou shalt lay eyes upon this most prodigious figure.

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 9

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001    |
| Data Size    | 425 bytes |
| Instructions | 65        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    03 00 00 00 80 1E F0  FF FF 7F 1D 01 80 23 24   .............#$
0010: 02 80 00 80 00 80 25 02  00 10 00 80 00 8A 01 24  ......%........$
0020: 03 80 00 80 00 00 25 02  00 10 00 80 00 71 00 1D  ......%......q..
0030: 04 80 23 1D 05 80 23 1D  06 80 23 1D 07 80 23 1D  ..#...#...#...#.
0040: 08 80 23 1D 09 80 23 1D  0A 80 23 1D 0B 80 23 1D  ..#...#...#...#.
0050: 0C 80 23 1D 0D 80 23 1D  0E 80 23 1D 0F 80 23 1D  ..#...#...#...#.
0060: 10 80 23 1D 11 80 23 1D  12 80 23 01 1F 00 01 87  ..#...#...#.....
0070: 01 02 00 10 13 80 00 A7  00 1D 14 80 23 1D 15 80  ............#...
0080: 23 1D 16 80 23 1D 17 80  23 1D 18 80 23 1D 19 80  #...#...#...#...
0090: 23 1D 1A 80 23 1D 1B 80  23 1D 1C 80 23 1D 1D 80  #...#...#...#...
00A0: 23 01 1F 00 01 87 01 02  00 10 1E 80 00 1F 01 1D  #...............
00B0: 1F 80 23 1D 20 80 23 24  21 80 00 80 00 80 25 02  ..#. .#$!.....%.
00C0: 00 10 00 80 00 DD 00 1D  22 80 23 1D 23 80 23 1D  ........".#.#.#.
00D0: 24 80 23 1D 25 80 23 01  B7 00 01 19 01 02 00 10  $.#.%.#.........
00E0: 13 80 00 F7 00 1D 26 80  23 1D 27 80 23 1D 28 80  ......&.#.'.#.(.
00F0: 23 01 B7 00 01 19 01 02  00 10 1E 80 00 19 01 1D  #...............
0100: 29 80 23 1D 2A 80 23 1D  2B 80 23 1D 2C 80 23 1D  ).#.*.#.+.#.,.#.
0110: 2D 80 23 01 B7 00 01 19  01 01 1F 00 01 87 01 02  -.#.............
0120: 00 10 2E 80 00 39 01 1D  2F 80 23 1D 30 80 23 1D  .....9../.#.0.#.
0130: 31 80 23 01 1F 00 01 87  01 02 00 10 32 80 00 63  1.#.........2..c
0140: 01 1D 33 80 23 1D 34 80  23 1D 35 80 23 1D 36 80  ..3.#.4.#.5.#.6.
0150: 23 1D 37 80 23 1D 38 80  23 1D 39 80 23 01 1F 00  #.7.#.8.#.9.#...
0160: 01 87 01 02 00 10 3A 80  00 79 01 1D 3B 80 23 1D  ......:..y..;.#.
0170: 3C 80 23 01 1F 00 01 87  01 02 00 10 3D 80 00 87  <.#.........=...
0180: 01 01 0F 00 01 87 01 01  A8 01 02 00 10 13 80 00  ................
0190: 99 01 1D 3E 80 23 01 A8  01 02 00 10 1E 80 00 A8  ...>.#..........
01A0: 01 1D 3F 80 23 01 A8 01  21 00                    ..?.#...!.      
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = 0*
  1: 0x0006 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  2: 0x000B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7263*)
    → "Moreover, the same tactics we employed upon thee will not work with other vessels. It is my burden to impart to thee all my knowledge of our research, so reserve nothing and ask plenty."
  3: 0x000E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  4: 0x000F [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=7318*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "What do you wish to do? [Hear an explanation./Engage in friendly banter./Nothing.]"
  5: 0x0016 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
  6: 0x0017 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x018A
  7: 0x001F [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=7264*, default_option=0*, option_flags=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0])
    → "What will you ask about? [Monstrosity in general./Possible opponents./Customization./Ranks./Infamy./Rewards./Nothing.]"
  8: 0x0026 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
  9: 0x0027 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x0071
 10: 0x002F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7265*)
    → "Monstrosity is the phenomenon by which adventurers take control of monsters and expand their souls inside their new bodies."
 11: 0x0032 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 12: 0x0033 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7266*)
    → "What becometh of the beings possessed? There exist some things that are simply best not to know. Make not such inquisitions eft."
 13: 0x0036 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 14: 0x0037 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7267*)
    → "Ifsoever thou findest any of my teachings detestable, I recommend thee slink off into the night and return to whencesoever thou camest."
 15: 0x003A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 16: 0x003B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7268*)
    → "...Allow me to begin anew."
 17: 0x003E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 18: 0x003F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7269*)
    → "Possession of any monsters shall take place within the confines of the Feretory."
 19: 0x0042 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 20: 0x0043 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7270*)
    → "Thou mayest wish to jump twixt vessels at thine own whim, but such action is wrought with danger. The soul is a delicate entity."
 21: 0x0046 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 22: 0x0047 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7271*)
    → "Lest thou art willing to render thyself as vulnerable as a babe before beasts, the Feretory is the only place where thy safety is assured."
 23: 0x004A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 24: 0x004B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7272*)
    → "One may enter from the Pashhow Marshlands, Northern San d'Oria, Port Bastok, and Port Windurst. Pass through any and all the gateways at thine own behest."
 25: 0x004E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 26: 0x004F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7273*)
    → "Nor is there need to fear for thy original frame."
 27: 0x0052 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 28: 0x0053 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7274*)
    → "Adventurers such as thee are a coveted commodity to our maegister. We shall ensure that nary a scratch appeareth upon its skin while it doth lie within our care."
 29: 0x0056 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 30: 0x0057 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7275*)
    → "Once the transition is complete, make haste to the odyssean passage and depart for the location of thy choice, in which thou mayest battle to thy heart's content."
 31: 0x005A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 32: 0x005B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7276*)
    → "Hark! Once thou departest for a land yonder, it is impossible to move to another. Thereon, I ask thee to think long and hard afore making thy decision."
 33: 0x005E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x005F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7277*)
    → "Whenas thou growest weary of thy monstrous flesh and wish to return to thy original form, rescind control of thy host with "Relinquish.""
 35: 0x0062 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 36: 0x0063 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7278*)
    → "Howbeit, receiving blows from foes and moving in even the slightest manner shall countermand the directive."
 37: 0x0066 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 38: 0x0067 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7279*)
    → "It would not do for an important personage such as thee to have thy soul bared to the elements."
 39: 0x006A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 40: 0x006B [0x01] GOTO 0x001F

SUBROUTINE_00B7:
 41: 0x00B7 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=7292*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Ask about what? [Species./Naming./Instincts./Nothing.]"
 42: 0x00BE [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 43: 0x00BF [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x00DD
 44: 0x00C7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7293*)
    → "Thy bestiary doth be the gateway through which thou stridest when possessing fiends. (Choose the monster you wish to possess from the "Species" menu.)"
 45: 0x00CA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 46: 0x00CB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7294*)
    → "The number of monsters thou mayest harbor will be small at first, but the higher thy level riseth, the more thou canst hoard."
 47: 0x00CE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 48: 0x00CF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7295*)
    → "As a rule, thou shalt only be able to select new monsters of the same species which thou hast leveled."
 49: 0x00D2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 50: 0x00D3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7296*)
    → "Exceptions do exist, however, and there shall be times when it is possible to unleash thy soul upon different types."
 51: 0x00D6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 52: 0x00D7 [0x01] GOTO 0x00B7

SUBROUTINE_0119:
 53: 0x0119 [0x01] GOTO 0x001F

SUBROUTINE_0187:
 54: 0x0187 [0x01] GOTO 0x01A8
 55: 0x018A [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0199
 56: 0x0192 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7319*)
    → "Our maegister doth appreciate ambition. If thou showest ample poise and determination, mayhap one day thou shalt lay eyes upon this most prodigious figure."
 57: 0x0195 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 58: 0x0196 [0x01] GOTO 0x01A8
 59: 0x0199 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x01A8
 60: 0x01A1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=7317*)
    → "Thy soul pineth for more than thou canst conceive. Set it free and embark upon monstrous exploits the likes of which Vana'diel hath never witnessed."
 61: 0x01A4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 62: 0x01A5 [0x01] GOTO 0x01A8

SUBROUTINE_01A8:
 63: 0x01A8 [0x21] END_EVENT
 64: 0x01A9 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x006E [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
     0x00A4 [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x00DA [0x01] GOTO 0x0119
     0x00F4 [0x01] GOTO 0x0119
     0x0116 [0x01] GOTO 0x0119
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x011C [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
     0x0136 [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
     0x0160 [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
     0x0176 [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
     0x0184 [0x01] GOTO 0x0187
```

### Event 2

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x01AA  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
01A0:                                00                           .     
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x01AA [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```
