# 17752200 - Pia

## Common Data

| Field            | Value                     |
|------------------|---------------------------|
| Zone             | Windurst Waters (ID: 238) |
| Block Size       | 1376 bytes                |
| Total Events     | 10                        |
| References Count | 75                        |

## List of Events

| Event ID                 | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|--------------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535)    | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [65535.1](#event-655351) | 0x0001       |     16 |              2 |
| [65535.2](#event-655352) | 0x0011       |     22 |              4 |
| [65535.3](#event-655353) | 0x0027       |      9 |              3 |
| [597](#event-597)        | 0x0030       |     39 |             13 |
| [4850](#event-4850)      | 0x0057       |      5 |              3 |
| [4851](#event-4851)      | 0x005C       |      5 |              3 |
| [4852](#event-4852)      | 0x0061       |      5 |              3 |
| [4880](#event-4880)      | 0x0066       |      5 |              3 |
| [4881](#event-4881)      | 0x006B       |    913 |            284 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x000A      |          10 |
|       1 | 0x001E      |          30 |
|       2 | 0x229F      |        8863 |
|       3 | 0x22A0      |        8864 |
|       4 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|       5 | 0x3D3A      |       15674 |
|       6 | 0x3D3B      |       15675 |
|       7 | 0x3D3C      |       15676 |
|       8 | 0x3D3D      |       15677 |
|       9 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      10 | 0x3D3F      |       15679 |
|      11 | 0x3D40      |       15680 |
|      12 | 0x3D41      |       15681 |
|      13 | 0x3D42      |       15682 |
|      14 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|      15 | 0x3D44      |       15684 |
|      16 | 0x3D45      |       15685 |
|      17 | 0x3D46      |       15686 |
|      18 | 0x3D47      |       15687 |
|      19 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      20 | 0x3D49      |       15689 |
|      21 | 0x3D4A      |       15690 |
|      22 | 0x3D4B      |       15691 |
|      23 | 0x3D4C      |       15692 |
|      24 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      25 | 0x3D4E      |       15694 |
|      26 | 0x3D4F      |       15695 |
|      27 | 0x3D50      |       15696 |
|      28 | 0x3D51      |       15697 |
|      29 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      30 | 0x3D53      |       15699 |
|      31 | 0x3D54      |       15700 |
|      32 | 0x3D55      |       15701 |
|      33 | 0x3D56      |       15702 |
|      34 | 0x0007      |           7 |
|      35 | 0x3D5D      |       15709 |
|      36 | 0x3D5E      |       15710 |
|      37 | 0x3D5F      |       15711 |
|      38 | 0x3D60      |       15712 |
|      39 | 0x3D58      |       15704 |
|      40 | 0x3D59      |       15705 |
|      41 | 0x3D5A      |       15706 |
|      42 | 0x3D5B      |       15707 |
|      43 | 0x3D3E      |       15678 |
|      44 | 0x3D43      |       15683 |
|      45 | 0x3D48      |       15688 |
|      46 | 0x3D4D      |       15693 |
|      47 | 0x3D52      |       15698 |
|      48 | 0x3D57      |       15703 |
|      49 | 0x3D61      |       15713 |
|      50 | 0x3D5C      |       15708 |
|      51 | 0x3D62      |       15714 |
|      52 | 0x3D63      |       15715 |
|      53 | 0x3D64      |       15716 |
|      54 | 0x3D65      |       15717 |
|      55 | 0x3D66      |       15718 |
|      56 | 0x3D67      |       15719 |
|      57 | 0x3D68      |       15720 |
|      58 | 0x3D69      |       15721 |
|      59 | 0x3D6A      |       15722 |
|      60 | 0x3D6B      |       15723 |
|      61 | 0x3D6C      |       15724 |
|      62 | 0x3D6D      |       15725 |
|      63 | 0x3D6E      |       15726 |
|      64 | 0x3D6F      |       15727 |
|      65 | 0x3D70      |       15728 |
|      66 | 0x3D71      |       15729 |
|      67 | 0x3D72      |       15730 |
|      68 | 0x3D73      |       15731 |
|      69 | 0x3D77      |       15735 |
|      70 | 0x3D78      |       15736 |
|      71 | 0x3D79      |       15737 |
|      72 | 0x3D74      |       15732 |
|      73 | 0x3D75      |       15733 |
|      74 | 0x3D76      |       15734 |

## String References

- **8863**: Those strange plants that glow in the dark? They say that they make them in the Rhinostery.
- **8864**: How do you make plants that glow? Windurst is truly a land of wonders. Why, I heard rumors that during the Crystal War, the ministry spent a great deal of Federation funding on queer biotechnological experiments such as the development of sleep-inducing fruit and vegetables that would not spoil for years.
- **15674**: What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!
- **15675**: Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot.
- **15676**: Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really.
- **15677**: Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?
- **15678**: I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success.
- **15679**: Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?
- **15680**: What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!
- **15681**: I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress.
- **15682**: And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do.
- **15683**: How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!
- **15684**: I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?
- **15685**: Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful.
- **15686**: Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration.
- **15687**: Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart.
- **15688**: Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la\`t.
- **15689**: What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?
- **15690**: 'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore.
- **15691**: While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!
- **15692**: 'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans.
- **15693**: Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!
- **15694**: Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!
- **15695**: ...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back.
- **15696**: As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?
- **15697**: After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts.
- **15698**: Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer.
- **15699**: So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?
- **15700**: Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles.
- **15701**: You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!
- **15702**: And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!
- **15703**: Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!
- **15704**: Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?
- **15705**: Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back.
- **15706**: Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?
- **15707**: Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done.
- **15708**: I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend.
- **15709**: What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!
- **15710**: What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?
- **15711**: Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs.
- **15712**: But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?
- **15713**: What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!
- **15714**: A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one.
- **15715**: I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!
- **15716**: And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!
- **15717**: Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?
- **15718**: Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula.
- **15719**: I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint.
- **15720**: What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?
- **15721**: How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration.
- **15722**: Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer.
- **15723**: Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?
- **15724**: What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru.
- **15725**: The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you."
- **15726**: A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?
- **15727**: Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met...
- **15728**: Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!
- **15729**: Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer.
- **15730**: I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!
- **15731**: No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!
- **15732**: Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on.
- **15733**: The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month.
- **15734**: I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope.
- **15735**: A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!
- **15736**: What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it...
- **15737**: Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.1

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001   |
| Data Size    | 16 bytes |
| Instructions | 2        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    66 00 80 F8 FF FF 7F  F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30   f..........tlk0
0010: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=10*
  1: 0x0010 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.2

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0011   |
| Data Size    | 22 bytes |
| Instructions | 4        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0010:    53 F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF  FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 5E 69   S........tlk0^i
0020: 64 6C 30 1C 01 80 00                              dl0....         
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0011 [0x53] WAIT_SCHEDULER_TASK: Wait for scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
  1: 0x001E [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
  2: 0x0023 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
  3: 0x0026 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.3

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0027  |
| Data Size    | 9 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0020:                      5E  69 64 6C 30 1C 01 80 00         ^idl0....
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0027 [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
  1: 0x002C [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
  2: 0x002F [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 597

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0030   |
| Data Size    | 39 bytes |
| Instructions | 13       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0030: 86 00 F8 FF FF 7F 1E F0  FF FF 7F 6F 70 29 08 88  ...........op)..
0040: E0 0E 01 01 1D 02 80 23  1D 03 80 23 29 08 88 E0  .......#...#)...
0050: 0E 01 03 20 00 21 00                              ... .!.         
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0030 [0x86] EventEntity->Render.Flags3 = Flags3  // No change (flag=0)
  1: 0x0036 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  2: 0x003B [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  3: 0x003C [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  4: 0x003D [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Pia (ID: 17752200/0x010EE088), tag_num=0x01)
  5: 0x0044 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8863*)
    → "Those strange plants that glow in the dark? They say that they make them in the Rhinostery."
  6: 0x0047 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  7: 0x0048 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8864*)
    → "How do you make plants that glow? Windurst is truly a land of wonders. Why, I heard rumors that during the Crystal War, the ministry spent a great deal of Federation funding on queer biotechnological experiments such as the development of sleep-inducing fruit and vegetables that would not spoil for years."
  8: 0x004B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  9: 0x004C [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Pia (ID: 17752200/0x010EE088), tag_num=0x03)
 10: 0x0053 [0x20] SET_CLI_EVENT_UC_FLAG: Unlock player control
 11: 0x0055 [0x21] END_EVENT
 12: 0x0056 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4850

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0057  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0050:                      1A  70 00 21 00                     .p.!.    
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0057 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0070)
  1: 0x005A [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x005B [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4851

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x005C  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0050:                                      1A B2 01 21              ...!
0060: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x005C [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x01B2)
  1: 0x005F [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0060 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4852

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0061  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0060:    1A 4C 02 21 00                                  .L.!.          
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0061 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x024C)
  1: 0x0064 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0065 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4880

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0066  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0060:                   1A C7  02 21 00                       ...!.     
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0066 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x02C7)
  1: 0x0069 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x006A [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4881

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x006B    |
| Data Size    | 913 bytes |
| Instructions | 38        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0060:                                   1A 82 03 21 00             ...!.
0070: 03 00 00 06 10 1E F0 FF  FF 7F 6F 70 02 00 00 04  ..........op....
0080: 80 00 A4 00 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ....,........tlk
0090: 30 1D 05 80 23 1D 06 80  23 1D 07 80 23 1D 08 80  0...#...#...#...
00A0: 23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 09  80 00 CC 00 2C F8 FF FF  #...........,...
00B0: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 0A 80 23 1D 0B 80  .....tlk0...#...
00C0: 23 1D 0C 80 23 1D 0D 80  23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 0E  #...#...#.......
00D0: 80 00 F4 00 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ....,........tlk
00E0: 30 1D 0F 80 23 1D 10 80  23 1D 11 80 23 1D 12 80  0...#...#...#...
00F0: 23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 13  80 00 1C 01 2C F8 FF FF  #...........,...
0100: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 14 80 23 1D 15 80  .....tlk0...#...
0110: 23 1D 16 80 23 1D 17 80  23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 18  #...#...#.......
0120: 80 00 44 01 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ..D.,........tlk
0130: 30 1D 19 80 23 1D 1A 80  23 1D 1B 80 23 1D 1C 80  0...#...#...#...
0140: 23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 1D  80 00 6C 01 2C F8 FF FF  #.........l.,...
0150: 7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  30 1D 1E 80 23 1D 1F 80  .....tlk0...#...
0160: 23 1D 20 80 23 1D 21 80  23 01 B1 01 02 00 00 22  #. .#.!.#......"
0170: 80 00 94 01 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  ....,........tlk
0180: 30 1D 23 80 23 1D 24 80  23 1D 25 80 23 1D 26 80  0.#.#.$.#.%.#.&.
0190: 23 01 B1 01 2C F8 FF FF  7F F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B  #...,........tlk
01A0: 30 1D 27 80 23 1D 28 80  23 1D 29 80 23 1D 2A 80  0.'.#.(.#.).#.*.
01B0: 23 1B 03 00 00 06 10 1E  F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02 00  #...........op..
01C0: 00 04 80 00 D1 01 1D 07  80 23 1D 08 80 23 01 4B  .........#...#.K
01D0: 02 02 00 00 09 80 00 E4  01 1D 0C 80 23 1D 0D 80  ............#...
01E0: 23 01 4B 02 02 00 00 0E  80 00 F7 01 1D 11 80 23  #.K............#
01F0: 1D 12 80 23 01 4B 02 02  00 00 13 80 00 0A 02 1D  ...#.K..........
0200: 16 80 23 1D 17 80 23 01  4B 02 02 00 00 18 80 00  ..#...#.K.......
0210: 1D 02 1D 1B 80 23 1D 1C  80 23 01 4B 02 02 00 00  .....#...#.K....
0220: 1D 80 00 30 02 1D 20 80  23 1D 21 80 23 01 4B 02  ...0.. .#.!.#.K.
0230: 02 00 00 22 80 00 43 02  1D 25 80 23 1D 26 80 23  ..."..C..%.#.&.#
0240: 01 4B 02 1D 29 80 23 1D  2A 80 23 1B 03 00 00 06  .K..).#.*.#.....
0250: 10 42 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F  70 02 00 00 04 80 00 68  .B.....op......h
0260: 02 1D 2B 80 23 01 C6 02  02 00 00 09 80 00 77 02  ..+.#.........w.
0270: 1D 2C 80 23 01 C6 02 02  00 00 0E 80 00 86 02 1D  .,.#............
0280: 2D 80 23 01 C6 02 02 00  00 13 80 00 95 02 1D 2E  -.#.............
0290: 80 23 01 C6 02 02 00 00  18 80 00 A4 02 1D 2F 80  .#............/.
02A0: 23 01 C6 02 02 00 00 1D  80 00 B3 02 1D 30 80 23  #............0.#
02B0: 01 C6 02 02 00 00 22 80  00 C2 02 1D 31 80 23 01  ......".....1.#.
02C0: C6 02 1D 32 80 23 1B 03  00 00 06 10 42 1E F0 FF  ...2.#......B...
02D0: FF 7F 6F 70 02 00 00 04  80 00 EB 02 1D 33 80 23  ..op.........3.#
02E0: 1D 34 80 23 1D 35 80 23  01 81 03 02 00 00 09 80  .4.#.5.#........
02F0: 00 02 03 1D 36 80 23 1D  37 80 23 1D 38 80 23 01  ....6.#.7.#.8.#.
0300: 81 03 02 00 00 0E 80 00  19 03 1D 39 80 23 1D 3A  ...........9.#.:
0310: 80 23 1D 3B 80 23 01 81  03 02 00 00 13 80 00 30  .#.;.#.........0
0320: 03 1D 3C 80 23 1D 3D 80  23 1D 3E 80 23 01 81 03  ..<.#.=.#.>.#...
0330: 02 00 00 18 80 00 47 03  1D 3F 80 23 1D 40 80 23  ......G..?.#.@.#
0340: 1D 41 80 23 01 81 03 02  00 00 1D 80 00 5E 03 1D  .A.#.........^..
0350: 42 80 23 1D 43 80 23 1D  44 80 23 01 81 03 02 00  B.#.C.#.D.#.....
0360: 00 22 80 00 75 03 1D 45  80 23 1D 46 80 23 1D 47  ."..u..E.#.F.#.G
0370: 80 23 01 81 03 1D 48 80  23 1D 49 80 23 1D 4A 80  .#....H.#.I.#.J.
0380: 23 1B 03 00 00 06 10 1E  F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02 00  #...........op..
0390: 00 04 80 00 9D 03 1D 35  80 23 01 FB 03 02 00 00  .......5.#......
03A0: 09 80 00 AC 03 1D 38 80  23 01 FB 03 02 00 00 0E  ......8.#.......
03B0: 80 00 BB 03 1D 3B 80 23  01 FB 03 02 00 00 13 80  .....;.#........
03C0: 00 CA 03 1D 3E 80 23 01  FB 03 02 00 00 18 80 00  ....>.#.........
03D0: D9 03 1D 41 80 23 01 FB  03 02 00 00 1D 80 00 E8  ...A.#..........
03E0: 03 1D 44 80 23 01 FB 03  02 00 00 22 80 00 F7 03  ..D.#......"....
03F0: 1D 47 80 23 01 FB 03 1D  4A 80 23 1B              .G.#....J.#.    
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x006B [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0382)
  1: 0x006E [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x006F [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_0382:
  3: 0x0382 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
  4: 0x0387 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  5: 0x038C [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  6: 0x038D [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  7: 0x038E [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x039D
  8: 0x0396 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15716*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
  9: 0x0399 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 10: 0x039A [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 11: 0x039D [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x03AC
 12: 0x03A5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15719*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
 13: 0x03A8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 14: 0x03A9 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 15: 0x03AC [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x03BB
 16: 0x03B4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15722*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
 17: 0x03B7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 18: 0x03B8 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 19: 0x03BB [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x03CA
 20: 0x03C3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15725*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
 21: 0x03C6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 22: 0x03C7 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 23: 0x03CA [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x03D9
 24: 0x03D2 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15728*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
 25: 0x03D5 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 26: 0x03D6 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 27: 0x03D9 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x03E8
 28: 0x03E1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15731*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
 29: 0x03E4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 30: 0x03E5 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 31: 0x03E8 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x03F7
 32: 0x03F0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15737*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
 33: 0x03F3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x03F4 [0x01] GOTO 0x03FB
 35: 0x03F7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15734*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
 36: 0x03FA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION

SUBROUTINE_03FB:
 37: 0x03FB [0x1B] RETURN
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x0070 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0075 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x007A [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x007B [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x007C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x00A4
     0x0084 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0091 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15674*)
    → "What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!"
     0x0094 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0095 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15675*)
    → "Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot."
     0x0098 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0099 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15676*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x009C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x009D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15677*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x00A0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00A1 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x00A4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x00CC
     0x00AC [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x00B9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15679*)
    → "Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?"
     0x00BC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00BD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15680*)
    → "What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!"
     0x00C0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00C1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15681*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x00C4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00C5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15682*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x00C8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00C9 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x00CC [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x00F4
     0x00D4 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x00E1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15684*)
    → "I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?"
     0x00E4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00E5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15685*)
    → "Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful."
     0x00E8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00E9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15686*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x00EC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00ED [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15687*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x00F0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00F1 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x00F4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x011C
     0x00FC [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0109 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15689*)
    → "What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?"
     0x010C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x010D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15690*)
    → "'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore."
     0x0110 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0111 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15691*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x0114 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0115 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15692*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x0118 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0119 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x011C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x0144
     0x0124 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0131 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15694*)
    → "Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!"
     0x0134 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0135 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15695*)
    → "...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back."
     0x0138 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0139 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15696*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x013C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x013D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15697*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x0140 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0141 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x0144 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x016C
     0x014C [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0159 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15699*)
    → "So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?"
     0x015C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x015D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15700*)
    → "Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles."
     0x0160 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0161 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15701*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x0164 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0165 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15702*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x0168 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0169 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x016C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x0194
     0x0174 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0181 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15709*)
    → "What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!"
     0x0184 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0185 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15710*)
    → "What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?"
     0x0188 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0189 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15711*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x018C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x018D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15712*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x0190 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0191 [0x01] GOTO 0x01B1
     0x0194 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x01A1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15704*)
    → "Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?"
     0x01A4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15705*)
    → "Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back."
     0x01A8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15706*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x01AC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01AD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15707*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x01B0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01B1 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x01B2 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x01B7 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x01BC [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x01BD [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x01BE [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x01D1
     0x01C6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15676*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x01C9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01CA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15677*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x01CD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01CE [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x01D1 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x01E4
     0x01D9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15681*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x01DC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01DD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15682*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x01E0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01E1 [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x01E4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x01F7
     0x01EC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15686*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x01EF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01F0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15687*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x01F3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01F4 [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x01F7 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x020A
     0x01FF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15691*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x0202 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0203 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15692*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x0206 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0207 [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x020A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x021D
     0x0212 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15696*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x0215 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0216 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15697*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x0219 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x021A [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x021D [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0230
     0x0225 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15701*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x0228 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0229 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15702*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x022C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x022D [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x0230 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x0243
     0x0238 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15711*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x023B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x023C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15712*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x023F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0240 [0x01] GOTO 0x024B
     0x0243 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15706*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x0246 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0247 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15707*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x024A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x024B [0x1B] RETURN
     0x024C [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0251 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x0252 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0257 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0258 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0259 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0268
     0x0261 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15678*)
    → "I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success."
     0x0264 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0265 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x0268 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0277
     0x0270 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15683*)
    → "How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!"
     0x0273 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0274 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x0277 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0286
     0x027F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15688*)
    → "Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la`t."
     0x0282 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0283 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x0286 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0295
     0x028E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15693*)
    → "Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!"
     0x0291 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0292 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x0295 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x02A4
     0x029D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15698*)
    → "Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer."
     0x02A0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02A1 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x02A4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x02B3
     0x02AC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15703*)
    → "Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!"
     0x02AF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02B0 [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x02B3 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x02C2
     0x02BB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15713*)
    → "What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!"
     0x02BE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02BF [0x01] GOTO 0x02C6
     0x02C2 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15708*)
    → "I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend."
     0x02C5 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02C6 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x02C7 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x02CC [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x02CD [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x02D2 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x02D3 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x02D4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x02EB
     0x02DC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15714*)
    → "A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one."
     0x02DF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02E0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15715*)
    → "I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!"
     0x02E3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02E4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15716*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
     0x02E7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02E8 [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x02EB [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0302
     0x02F3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15717*)
    → "Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?"
     0x02F6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02F7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15718*)
    → "Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula."
     0x02FA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15719*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
     0x02FE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FF [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x0302 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0319
     0x030A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15720*)
    → "What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?"
     0x030D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x030E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15721*)
    → "How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration."
     0x0311 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0312 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15722*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
     0x0315 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0316 [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x0319 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0330
     0x0321 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15723*)
    → "Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?"
     0x0324 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0325 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15724*)
    → "What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru."
     0x0328 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0329 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15725*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
     0x032C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x032D [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x0330 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x0347
     0x0338 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15726*)
    → "A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?"
     0x033B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x033C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15727*)
    → "Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met..."
     0x033F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0340 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15728*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
     0x0343 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0344 [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x0347 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x035E
     0x034F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15729*)
    → "Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer."
     0x0352 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0353 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15730*)
    → "I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!"
     0x0356 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0357 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15731*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
     0x035A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x035B [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x035E [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x0375
     0x0366 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15735*)
    → "A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!"
     0x0369 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x036A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15736*)
    → "What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it..."
     0x036D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x036E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15737*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
     0x0371 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0372 [0x01] GOTO 0x0381
     0x0375 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15732*)
    → "Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on."
     0x0378 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0379 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15733*)
    → "The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month."
     0x037C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x037D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15734*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
     0x0380 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0381 [0x1B] RETURN
```
