# 17752191 - Reh Hapli

## Common Data

| Field            | Value                     |
|------------------|---------------------------|
| Zone             | Windurst Waters (ID: 238) |
| Block Size       | 1416 bytes                |
| Total Events     | 11                        |
| References Count | 77                        |

## List of Events

| Event ID                 | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|--------------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535)    | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [65535.1](#event-655351) | 0x0001       |     16 |              2 |
| [65535.2](#event-655352) | 0x0011       |     22 |              4 |
| [65535.3](#event-655353) | 0x0027       |      9 |              3 |
| [589](#event-589)        | 0x0030       |     33 |             12 |
| [590](#event-590)        | 0x0051       |     33 |             12 |
| [4865](#event-4865)      | 0x0072       |      5 |              3 |
| [4866](#event-4866)      | 0x0077       |      5 |              3 |
| [4867](#event-4867)      | 0x007C       |      5 |              3 |
| [4890](#event-4890)      | 0x0081       |      5 |              3 |
| [4891](#event-4891)      | 0x0086       |    913 |            284 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x0165      |         357 |
|       1 | 0x001E      |          30 |
|       2 | 0x2291      |        8849 |
|       3 | 0x2292      |        8850 |
|       4 | 0x2293      |        8851 |
|       5 | 0x2294      |        8852 |
|       6 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|       7 | 0x3D3A      |       15674 |
|       8 | 0x3D3B      |       15675 |
|       9 | 0x3D3C      |       15676 |
|      10 | 0x3D3D      |       15677 |
|      11 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      12 | 0x3D3F      |       15679 |
|      13 | 0x3D40      |       15680 |
|      14 | 0x3D41      |       15681 |
|      15 | 0x3D42      |       15682 |
|      16 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|      17 | 0x3D44      |       15684 |
|      18 | 0x3D45      |       15685 |
|      19 | 0x3D46      |       15686 |
|      20 | 0x3D47      |       15687 |
|      21 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      22 | 0x3D49      |       15689 |
|      23 | 0x3D4A      |       15690 |
|      24 | 0x3D4B      |       15691 |
|      25 | 0x3D4C      |       15692 |
|      26 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      27 | 0x3D4E      |       15694 |
|      28 | 0x3D4F      |       15695 |
|      29 | 0x3D50      |       15696 |
|      30 | 0x3D51      |       15697 |
|      31 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      32 | 0x3D53      |       15699 |
|      33 | 0x3D54      |       15700 |
|      34 | 0x3D55      |       15701 |
|      35 | 0x3D56      |       15702 |
|      36 | 0x0007      |           7 |
|      37 | 0x3D5D      |       15709 |
|      38 | 0x3D5E      |       15710 |
|      39 | 0x3D5F      |       15711 |
|      40 | 0x3D60      |       15712 |
|      41 | 0x3D58      |       15704 |
|      42 | 0x3D59      |       15705 |
|      43 | 0x3D5A      |       15706 |
|      44 | 0x3D5B      |       15707 |
|      45 | 0x3D3E      |       15678 |
|      46 | 0x3D43      |       15683 |
|      47 | 0x3D48      |       15688 |
|      48 | 0x3D4D      |       15693 |
|      49 | 0x3D52      |       15698 |
|      50 | 0x3D57      |       15703 |
|      51 | 0x3D61      |       15713 |
|      52 | 0x3D5C      |       15708 |
|      53 | 0x3D62      |       15714 |
|      54 | 0x3D63      |       15715 |
|      55 | 0x3D64      |       15716 |
|      56 | 0x3D65      |       15717 |
|      57 | 0x3D66      |       15718 |
|      58 | 0x3D67      |       15719 |
|      59 | 0x3D68      |       15720 |
|      60 | 0x3D69      |       15721 |
|      61 | 0x3D6A      |       15722 |
|      62 | 0x3D6B      |       15723 |
|      63 | 0x3D6C      |       15724 |
|      64 | 0x3D6D      |       15725 |
|      65 | 0x3D6E      |       15726 |
|      66 | 0x3D6F      |       15727 |
|      67 | 0x3D70      |       15728 |
|      68 | 0x3D71      |       15729 |
|      69 | 0x3D72      |       15730 |
|      70 | 0x3D73      |       15731 |
|      71 | 0x3D77      |       15735 |
|      72 | 0x3D78      |       15736 |
|      73 | 0x3D79      |       15737 |
|      74 | 0x3D74      |       15732 |
|      75 | 0x3D75      |       15733 |
|      76 | 0x3D76      |       15734 |

## String References

- **8849**: Aren't you an adventurer from [San d'Oria/Bastok]? Instead of staying in a hostelry, wouldn't it be cheaper for you to stay in a Rrrent-a-Rrroom in Windurst's rrresidential area?
- **8850**: The rrresidential area is east of here. Cross the bridge there and turn rrright where the Cardian is on guard.
- **8851**: Hey, aren't you a Windurstian? Instead of staying at a hostelry, why don't you use your Mog House in Windurst's rrresidential area? It's free, isn't it?
- **8852**: The rrresidential area is east of here. Cross the bridge there and turn rrright where the Cardian is on guard.
- **15674**: What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!
- **15675**: Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot.
- **15676**: Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really.
- **15677**: Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?
- **15678**: I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success.
- **15679**: Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?
- **15680**: What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!
- **15681**: I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress.
- **15682**: And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do.
- **15683**: How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!
- **15684**: I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?
- **15685**: Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful.
- **15686**: Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration.
- **15687**: Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart.
- **15688**: Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la\`t.
- **15689**: What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?
- **15690**: 'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore.
- **15691**: While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!
- **15692**: 'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans.
- **15693**: Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!
- **15694**: Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!
- **15695**: ...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back.
- **15696**: As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?
- **15697**: After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts.
- **15698**: Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer.
- **15699**: So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?
- **15700**: Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles.
- **15701**: You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!
- **15702**: And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!
- **15703**: Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!
- **15704**: Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?
- **15705**: Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back.
- **15706**: Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?
- **15707**: Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done.
- **15708**: I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend.
- **15709**: What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!
- **15710**: What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?
- **15711**: Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs.
- **15712**: But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?
- **15713**: What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!
- **15714**: A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one.
- **15715**: I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!
- **15716**: And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!
- **15717**: Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?
- **15718**: Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula.
- **15719**: I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint.
- **15720**: What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?
- **15721**: How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration.
- **15722**: Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer.
- **15723**: Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?
- **15724**: What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru.
- **15725**: The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you."
- **15726**: A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?
- **15727**: Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met...
- **15728**: Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!
- **15729**: Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer.
- **15730**: I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!
- **15731**: No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!
- **15732**: Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on.
- **15733**: The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month.
- **15734**: I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope.
- **15735**: A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!
- **15736**: What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it...
- **15737**: Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.1

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001   |
| Data Size    | 16 bytes |
| Instructions | 2        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    5B 00 80 F8 FF FF 7F  F8 FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30   [..........tlk0
0010: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x5B] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=357*
  1: 0x0010 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.2

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0011   |
| Data Size    | 22 bytes |
| Instructions | 4        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0010:    53 F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF  FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 5E 69   S........tlk0^i
0020: 64 6C 30 1C 01 80 00                              dl0....         
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0011 [0x53] WAIT_SCHEDULER_TASK: Wait for scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
  1: 0x001E [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
  2: 0x0023 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
  3: 0x0026 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 65535.3

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0027  |
| Data Size    | 9 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0020:                      5E  69 64 6C 30 1C 01 80 00         ^idl0....
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0027 [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
  1: 0x002C [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
  2: 0x002F [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 589

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0030   |
| Data Size    | 33 bytes |
| Instructions | 12       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0030: 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 29  08 7F E0 0E 01 01 1D 02  .....op)........
0040: 80 23 1D 03 80 23 29 08  7F E0 0E 01 03 20 00 21  .#...#)...... .!
0050: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0030 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  1: 0x0035 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  2: 0x0036 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  3: 0x0037 [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Reh Hapli (ID: 17752191/0x010EE07F), tag_num=0x01)
  4: 0x003E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8849*)
    → "Aren't you an adventurer from [San d'Oria/Bastok]? Instead of staying in a hostelry, wouldn't it be cheaper for you to stay in a Rrrent-a-Rrroom in Windurst's rrresidential area?"
  5: 0x0041 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  6: 0x0042 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8850*)
    → "The rrresidential area is east of here. Cross the bridge there and turn rrright where the Cardian is on guard."
  7: 0x0045 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  8: 0x0046 [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Reh Hapli (ID: 17752191/0x010EE07F), tag_num=0x03)
  9: 0x004D [0x20] SET_CLI_EVENT_UC_FLAG: Unlock player control
 10: 0x004F [0x21] END_EVENT
 11: 0x0050 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 590

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0051   |
| Data Size    | 33 bytes |
| Instructions | 12       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0050:    1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70  29 08 7F E0 0E 01 01 1D   .....op).......
0060: 04 80 23 1D 05 80 23 29  08 7F E0 0E 01 03 20 00  ..#...#)...... .
0070: 21 00                                             !.              
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0051 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  1: 0x0056 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  2: 0x0057 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  3: 0x0058 [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Reh Hapli (ID: 17752191/0x010EE07F), tag_num=0x01)
  4: 0x005F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8851*)
    → "Hey, aren't you a Windurstian? Instead of staying at a hostelry, why don't you use your Mog House in Windurst's rrresidential area? It's free, isn't it?"
  5: 0x0062 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  6: 0x0063 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=8852*)
    → "The rrresidential area is east of here. Cross the bridge there and turn rrright where the Cardian is on guard."
  7: 0x0066 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  8: 0x0067 [0x29] REQ_SET_WAIT(priority=0x08, entity_id=Reh Hapli (ID: 17752191/0x010EE07F), tag_num=0x03)
  9: 0x006E [0x20] SET_CLI_EVENT_UC_FLAG: Unlock player control
 10: 0x0070 [0x21] END_EVENT
 11: 0x0071 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4865

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0072  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0070:       1A 8B 00 21 00                                ...!.         
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0072 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x008B)
  1: 0x0075 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0076 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4866

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0077  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0070:                      1A  CD 01 21 00                     ...!.    
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0077 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x01CD)
  1: 0x007A [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x007B [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4867

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x007C  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0070:                                      1A 67 02 21              .g.!
0080: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x007C [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0267)
  1: 0x007F [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0080 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4890

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0081  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0080:    1A E2 02 21 00                                  ...!.          
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0081 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x02E2)
  1: 0x0084 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0085 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4891

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0086    |
| Data Size    | 913 bytes |
| Instructions | 38        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0080:                   1A 9D  03 21 00 03 00 00 06 10        ...!......
0090: 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02  00 00 06 80 00 BF 00 2C  .....op........,
00A0: F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  74 6C 6B 30 1D 07 80 23  ........tlk0...#
00B0: 1D 08 80 23 1D 09 80 23  1D 0A 80 23 01 CC 01 02  ...#...#...#....
00C0: 00 00 0B 80 00 E7 00 2C  F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  .......,........
00D0: 74 6C 6B 30 1D 0C 80 23  1D 0D 80 23 1D 0E 80 23  tlk0...#...#...#
00E0: 1D 0F 80 23 01 CC 01 02  00 00 10 80 00 0F 01 2C  ...#...........,
00F0: F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  74 6C 6B 30 1D 11 80 23  ........tlk0...#
0100: 1D 12 80 23 1D 13 80 23  1D 14 80 23 01 CC 01 02  ...#...#...#....
0110: 00 00 15 80 00 37 01 2C  F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  .....7.,........
0120: 74 6C 6B 30 1D 16 80 23  1D 17 80 23 1D 18 80 23  tlk0...#...#...#
0130: 1D 19 80 23 01 CC 01 02  00 00 1A 80 00 5F 01 2C  ...#........._.,
0140: F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  74 6C 6B 30 1D 1B 80 23  ........tlk0...#
0150: 1D 1C 80 23 1D 1D 80 23  1D 1E 80 23 01 CC 01 02  ...#...#...#....
0160: 00 00 1F 80 00 87 01 2C  F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  .......,........
0170: 74 6C 6B 30 1D 20 80 23  1D 21 80 23 1D 22 80 23  tlk0. .#.!.#.".#
0180: 1D 23 80 23 01 CC 01 02  00 00 24 80 00 AF 01 2C  .#.#......$....,
0190: F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  74 6C 6B 30 1D 25 80 23  ........tlk0.%.#
01A0: 1D 26 80 23 1D 27 80 23  1D 28 80 23 01 CC 01 2C  .&.#.'.#.(.#...,
01B0: F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  74 6C 6B 30 1D 29 80 23  ........tlk0.).#
01C0: 1D 2A 80 23 1D 2B 80 23  1D 2C 80 23 1B 03 00 00  .*.#.+.#.,.#....
01D0: 06 10 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F  70 02 00 00 06 80 00 EC  .......op.......
01E0: 01 1D 09 80 23 1D 0A 80  23 01 66 02 02 00 00 0B  ....#...#.f.....
01F0: 80 00 FF 01 1D 0E 80 23  1D 0F 80 23 01 66 02 02  .......#...#.f..
0200: 00 00 10 80 00 12 02 1D  13 80 23 1D 14 80 23 01  ..........#...#.
0210: 66 02 02 00 00 15 80 00  25 02 1D 18 80 23 1D 19  f.......%....#..
0220: 80 23 01 66 02 02 00 00  1A 80 00 38 02 1D 1D 80  .#.f.......8....
0230: 23 1D 1E 80 23 01 66 02  02 00 00 1F 80 00 4B 02  #...#.f.......K.
0240: 1D 22 80 23 1D 23 80 23  01 66 02 02 00 00 24 80  .".#.#.#.f....$.
0250: 00 5E 02 1D 27 80 23 1D  28 80 23 01 66 02 1D 2B  .^..'.#.(.#.f..+
0260: 80 23 1D 2C 80 23 1B 03  00 00 06 10 42 1E F0 FF  .#.,.#......B...
0270: FF 7F 6F 70 02 00 00 06  80 00 83 02 1D 2D 80 23  ..op.........-.#
0280: 01 E1 02 02 00 00 0B 80  00 92 02 1D 2E 80 23 01  ..............#.
0290: E1 02 02 00 00 10 80 00  A1 02 1D 2F 80 23 01 E1  .........../.#..
02A0: 02 02 00 00 15 80 00 B0  02 1D 30 80 23 01 E1 02  ..........0.#...
02B0: 02 00 00 1A 80 00 BF 02  1D 31 80 23 01 E1 02 02  .........1.#....
02C0: 00 00 1F 80 00 CE 02 1D  32 80 23 01 E1 02 02 00  ........2.#.....
02D0: 00 24 80 00 DD 02 1D 33  80 23 01 E1 02 1D 34 80  .$.....3.#....4.
02E0: 23 1B 03 00 00 06 10 42  1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02  #......B.....op.
02F0: 00 00 06 80 00 06 03 1D  35 80 23 1D 36 80 23 1D  ........5.#.6.#.
0300: 37 80 23 01 9C 03 02 00  00 0B 80 00 1D 03 1D 38  7.#............8
0310: 80 23 1D 39 80 23 1D 3A  80 23 01 9C 03 02 00 00  .#.9.#.:.#......
0320: 10 80 00 34 03 1D 3B 80  23 1D 3C 80 23 1D 3D 80  ...4..;.#.<.#.=.
0330: 23 01 9C 03 02 00 00 15  80 00 4B 03 1D 3E 80 23  #.........K..>.#
0340: 1D 3F 80 23 1D 40 80 23  01 9C 03 02 00 00 1A 80  .?.#.@.#........
0350: 00 62 03 1D 41 80 23 1D  42 80 23 1D 43 80 23 01  .b..A.#.B.#.C.#.
0360: 9C 03 02 00 00 1F 80 00  79 03 1D 44 80 23 1D 45  ........y..D.#.E
0370: 80 23 1D 46 80 23 01 9C  03 02 00 00 24 80 00 90  .#.F.#......$...
0380: 03 1D 47 80 23 1D 48 80  23 1D 49 80 23 01 9C 03  ..G.#.H.#.I.#...
0390: 1D 4A 80 23 1D 4B 80 23  1D 4C 80 23 1B 03 00 00  .J.#.K.#.L.#....
03A0: 06 10 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F  70 02 00 00 06 80 00 B8  .......op.......
03B0: 03 1D 37 80 23 01 16 04  02 00 00 0B 80 00 C7 03  ..7.#...........
03C0: 1D 3A 80 23 01 16 04 02  00 00 10 80 00 D6 03 1D  .:.#............
03D0: 3D 80 23 01 16 04 02 00  00 15 80 00 E5 03 1D 40  =.#............@
03E0: 80 23 01 16 04 02 00 00  1A 80 00 F4 03 1D 43 80  .#............C.
03F0: 23 01 16 04 02 00 00 1F  80 00 03 04 1D 46 80 23  #............F.#
0400: 01 16 04 02 00 00 24 80  00 12 04 1D 49 80 23 01  ......$.....I.#.
0410: 16 04 1D 4C 80 23 1B                              ...L.#.         
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0086 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x039D)
  1: 0x0089 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x008A [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_039D:
  3: 0x039D [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
  4: 0x03A2 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  5: 0x03A7 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  6: 0x03A8 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  7: 0x03A9 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x03B8
  8: 0x03B1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15716*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
  9: 0x03B4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 10: 0x03B5 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 11: 0x03B8 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x03C7
 12: 0x03C0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15719*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
 13: 0x03C3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 14: 0x03C4 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 15: 0x03C7 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x03D6
 16: 0x03CF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15722*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
 17: 0x03D2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 18: 0x03D3 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 19: 0x03D6 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x03E5
 20: 0x03DE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15725*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
 21: 0x03E1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 22: 0x03E2 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 23: 0x03E5 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x03F4
 24: 0x03ED [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15728*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
 25: 0x03F0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 26: 0x03F1 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 27: 0x03F4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0403
 28: 0x03FC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15731*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
 29: 0x03FF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 30: 0x0400 [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 31: 0x0403 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x0412
 32: 0x040B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15737*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
 33: 0x040E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x040F [0x01] GOTO 0x0416
 35: 0x0412 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15734*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
 36: 0x0415 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION

SUBROUTINE_0416:
 37: 0x0416 [0x1B] RETURN
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x008B [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0090 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0095 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0096 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0097 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x00BF
     0x009F [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x00AC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15674*)
    → "What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!"
     0x00AF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00B0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15675*)
    → "Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot."
     0x00B3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00B4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15676*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x00B7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00B8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15677*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x00BB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00BC [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x00BF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x00E7
     0x00C7 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x00D4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15679*)
    → "Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?"
     0x00D7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00D8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15680*)
    → "What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!"
     0x00DB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00DC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15681*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x00DF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00E0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15682*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x00E3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x00E4 [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x00E7 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x010F
     0x00EF [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x00FC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15684*)
    → "I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?"
     0x00FF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0100 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15685*)
    → "Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful."
     0x0103 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0104 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15686*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x0107 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0108 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15687*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x010B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x010C [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x010F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0137
     0x0117 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0124 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15689*)
    → "What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?"
     0x0127 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0128 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15690*)
    → "'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore."
     0x012B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x012C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15691*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x012F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0130 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15692*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x0133 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0134 [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x0137 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x015F
     0x013F [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x014C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15694*)
    → "Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!"
     0x014F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0150 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15695*)
    → "...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back."
     0x0153 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0154 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15696*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x0157 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0158 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15697*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x015B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x015C [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x015F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0187
     0x0167 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0174 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15699*)
    → "So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?"
     0x0177 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0178 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15700*)
    → "Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles."
     0x017B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x017C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15701*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x017F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0180 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15702*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x0183 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0184 [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x0187 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x01AF
     0x018F [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x019C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15709*)
    → "What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!"
     0x019F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15710*)
    → "What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?"
     0x01A3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15711*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x01A7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15712*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x01AB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01AC [0x01] GOTO 0x01CC
     0x01AF [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x01BC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15704*)
    → "Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?"
     0x01BF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01C0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15705*)
    → "Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back."
     0x01C3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01C4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15706*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x01C7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01C8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15707*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x01CB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01CC [0x1B] RETURN
     0x01CD [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x01D2 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x01D7 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x01D8 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x01D9 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x01EC
     0x01E1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15676*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x01E4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01E5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15677*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x01E8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01E9 [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x01EC [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x01FF
     0x01F4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15681*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x01F7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01F8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15682*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x01FB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01FC [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x01FF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0212
     0x0207 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15686*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x020A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x020B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15687*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x020E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x020F [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x0212 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0225
     0x021A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15691*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x021D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x021E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15692*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x0221 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0222 [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x0225 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x0238
     0x022D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15696*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x0230 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0231 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15697*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x0234 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0235 [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x0238 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x024B
     0x0240 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15701*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x0243 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0244 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15702*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x0247 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0248 [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x024B [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x025E
     0x0253 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15711*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x0256 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0257 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15712*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x025A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x025B [0x01] GOTO 0x0266
     0x025E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15706*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x0261 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0262 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15707*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x0265 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0266 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x0267 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x026C [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x026D [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0272 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0273 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0274 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0283
     0x027C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15678*)
    → "I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success."
     0x027F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0280 [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x0283 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0292
     0x028B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15683*)
    → "How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!"
     0x028E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x028F [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x0292 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x02A1
     0x029A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15688*)
    → "Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la`t."
     0x029D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x029E [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x02A1 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x02B0
     0x02A9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15693*)
    → "Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!"
     0x02AC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02AD [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x02B0 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x02BF
     0x02B8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15698*)
    → "Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer."
     0x02BB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02BC [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x02BF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x02CE
     0x02C7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15703*)
    → "Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!"
     0x02CA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02CB [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x02CE [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x02DD
     0x02D6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15713*)
    → "What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!"
     0x02D9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02DA [0x01] GOTO 0x02E1
     0x02DD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15708*)
    → "I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend."
     0x02E0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02E1 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x02E2 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x02E7 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x02E8 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x02ED [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x02EE [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x02EF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0306
     0x02F7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15714*)
    → "A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one."
     0x02FA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15715*)
    → "I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!"
     0x02FE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15716*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
     0x0302 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0303 [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x0306 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x031D
     0x030E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15717*)
    → "Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?"
     0x0311 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0312 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15718*)
    → "Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula."
     0x0315 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0316 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15719*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
     0x0319 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x031A [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x031D [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0334
     0x0325 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15720*)
    → "What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?"
     0x0328 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0329 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15721*)
    → "How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration."
     0x032C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x032D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15722*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
     0x0330 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0331 [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x0334 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x034B
     0x033C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15723*)
    → "Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?"
     0x033F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0340 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15724*)
    → "What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru."
     0x0343 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0344 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15725*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
     0x0347 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0348 [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x034B [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x0362
     0x0353 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15726*)
    → "A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?"
     0x0356 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0357 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15727*)
    → "Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met..."
     0x035A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x035B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15728*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
     0x035E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x035F [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x0362 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x0379
     0x036A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15729*)
    → "Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer."
     0x036D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x036E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15730*)
    → "I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!"
     0x0371 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0372 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15731*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
     0x0375 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0376 [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x0379 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x0390
     0x0381 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15735*)
    → "A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!"
     0x0384 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0385 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15736*)
    → "What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it..."
     0x0388 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0389 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15737*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
     0x038C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x038D [0x01] GOTO 0x039C
     0x0390 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15732*)
    → "Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on."
     0x0393 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0394 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15733*)
    → "The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month."
     0x0397 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0398 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=15734*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
     0x039B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x039C [0x1B] RETURN
```
