# 17228399 - Saarlan

## Common Data

| Field            | Value                       |
|------------------|-----------------------------|
| Zone             | Rolanberry Fields (ID: 110) |
| Block Size       | 2364 bytes                  |
| Total Events     | 3                           |
| References Count | 128                         |

## List of Events

| Event ID              | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|-----------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535) | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [8004](#event-8004)   | 0x0001       |     87 |             37 |
| [8005](#event-8005)   | 0x0058       |   1734 |            342 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x2F8C      |       12172 |
|       1 | 0x2F8D      |       12173 |
|       2 | 0x2F8E      |       12174 |
|       3 | 0x2F8F      |       12175 |
|       4 | 0x2F90      |       12176 |
|       5 | 0x2F91      |       12177 |
|       6 | 0x2F92      |       12178 |
|       7 | 0x2F93      |       12179 |
|       8 | 0x2F94      |       12180 |
|       9 | 0x2F95      |       12181 |
|      10 | 0x2F96      |       12182 |
|      11 | 0x2F97      |       12183 |
|      12 | 0x2F98      |       12184 |
|      13 | 0x2F99      |       12185 |
|      14 | 0x2F9A      |       12186 |
|      15 | 0x2F9B      |       12187 |
|      16 | 0x0000      |           0 |
|      17 | 0x05AD      |        1453 |
|      18 | 0x05B2      |        1458 |
|      19 | 0x2F9C      |       12188 |
|      20 | 0x2FCB      |       12235 |
|      21 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|      22 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      23 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|      24 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      25 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      26 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      27 | 0x0007      |           7 |
|      28 | 0x0008      |           8 |
|      29 | 0x0009      |           9 |
|      30 | 0x40000000  |  1073741824 |
|      31 | 0x07D0      |        2000 |
|      32 | 0x57E40     |      360000 |
|      33 | 0x2FC9      |       12233 |
|      34 | 0x2FCA      |       12234 |
|      35 | 0x000F      |          15 |
|      36 | 0x000A      |          10 |
|      37 | 0x0010      |          16 |
|      38 | 0x001F      |          31 |
|      39 | 0x03E8      |        1000 |
|      40 | 0x2BF20     |      180000 |
|      41 | 0x000B      |          11 |
|      42 | 0x2FBB      |       12219 |
|      43 | 0x2FBC      |       12220 |
|      44 | 0x2FBE      |       12222 |
|      45 | 0x2FBD      |       12221 |
|      46 | 0x2F9D      |       12189 |
|      47 | 0x2F9E      |       12190 |
|      48 | 0x2F9F      |       12191 |
|      49 | 0x2FA0      |       12192 |
|      50 | 0x2FA1      |       12193 |
|      51 | 0x2FA2      |       12194 |
|      52 | 0x2FA3      |       12195 |
|      53 | 0x001E      |          30 |
|      54 | 0x0024      |          36 |
|      55 | 0x2FA4      |       12196 |
|      56 | 0x2FA5      |       12197 |
|      57 | 0x2FA6      |       12198 |
|      58 | 0x004B      |          75 |
|      59 | 0x2FA7      |       12199 |
|      60 | 0x0028      |          40 |
|      61 | 0x0DC8      |        3528 |
|      62 | 0x2FA8      |       12200 |
|      63 | 0x2FA9      |       12201 |
|      64 | 0x2FAA      |       12202 |
|      65 | 0x2FAB      |       12203 |
|      66 | 0x2FAC      |       12204 |
|      67 | 0x2FAD      |       12205 |
|      68 | 0x2FAE      |       12206 |
|      69 | 0x2FAF      |       12207 |
|      70 | 0x2FC0      |       12224 |
|      71 | 0x2FC1      |       12225 |
|      72 | 0x2FC2      |       12226 |
|      73 | 0x2FC3      |       12227 |
|      74 | 0x2FC4      |       12228 |
|      75 | 0x2FC6      |       12230 |
|      76 | 0x2FC7      |       12231 |
|      77 | 0x2FC8      |       12232 |
|      78 | 0x2FB0      |       12208 |
|      79 | 0x2FB1      |       12209 |
|      80 | 0x2FB2      |       12210 |
|      81 | 0x2FB3      |       12211 |
|      82 | 0x2FB4      |       12212 |
|      83 | 0x2FB5      |       12213 |
|      84 | 0x2FB6      |       12214 |
|      85 | 0x2FB7      |       12215 |
|      86 | 0x0DC9      |        3529 |
|      87 | 0x2FB8      |       12216 |
|      88 | 0x2FB9      |       12217 |
|      89 | 0x2FBA      |       12218 |
|      90 | 0x2A17      |       10775 |
|      91 | 0x2A18      |       10776 |
|      92 | 0x2A19      |       10777 |
|      93 | 0x2A1A      |       10778 |
|      94 | 0x2A1B      |       10779 |
|      95 | 0x2A1C      |       10780 |
|      96 | 0x2A1D      |       10781 |
|      97 | 0x2A1E      |       10782 |
|      98 | 0x2A1F      |       10783 |
|      99 | 0x2A8A      |       10890 |
|     100 | 0x2A8B      |       10891 |
|     101 | 0x2A8C      |       10892 |
|     102 | 0x2910      |       10512 |
|     103 | 0x2911      |       10513 |
|     104 | 0x2912      |       10514 |
|     105 | 0x2ECC      |       11980 |
|     106 | 0x2ECD      |       11981 |
|     107 | 0x2ECE      |       11982 |
|     108 | 0x2972      |       10610 |
|     109 | 0x2973      |       10611 |
|     110 | 0x2974      |       10612 |
|     111 | 0x28DE      |       10462 |
|     112 | 0x28DF      |       10463 |
|     113 | 0x28E0      |       10464 |
|     114 | 0x2B24      |       11044 |
|     115 | 0x2B25      |       11045 |
|     116 | 0x2B26      |       11046 |
|     117 | 0x2B27      |       11047 |
|     118 | 0x2B28      |       11048 |
|     119 | 0x2B29      |       11049 |
|     120 | 0x2B2A      |       11050 |
|     121 | 0x2A20      |       10784 |
|     122 | 0x2A21      |       10785 |
|     123 | 0x2A22      |       10786 |
|     124 | 0x1194      |        4500 |
|     125 | 0x0BB8      |        3000 |
|     126 | 0x2710      |       10000 |
|     127 | 0x1770      |        6000 |

## String References

- **12172**: Greetings, traveler. I am Saarlan, student of the illustrious archmage Abdhaljs.
- **12173**: My master has entrusted me with the care of his most prized creation: a miniature battlefield--or maquette--of peerless construction. Behold the "Legion"!
- **12174**: Needless to say, the maquette is no mere ornament. It has been imbued with powerful magicks that allow one to shrink to minuscule sizes and live out epic battles within its walls--battles the likes of which could scarce be imagined in our reality!
- **12175**: How does it work? The Far Eastern invocations imbued in the maquette are known to my master, and my master alone. The inner workings of these spells would be far beyond the grasp of ordinary mortals such as you or me.
- **12176**: Those who venture into the maquette will face legions of foes possessing nigh-inconceivable power, painstakingly recreated from records contained in bestiaries of yore. Needless to say, the challenge will be unlike anything you have faced thus far.
- **12177**: While there is no danger of actually losing your life in the maquette, know that the physical efforts you expend--and pain you endure--within its walls will be all too real.
- **12178**: The potential rewards to be gained from battling the legions are tremendous, but only for those who are up to the task.
- **12179**: Should you have any doubt in your abilities, I suggest you walk away...and quickly.
- **12180**: If, however, you are a true champion seeking the ideal venue to test your abilities to the utmost, then you have found it here.
- **12181**: Why did my master take such pains to create a simulated battlefield of such daunting challenge?
- **12182**: Perhaps it was merely a flight of fancy. Perhaps he wished to test the limits of his own strength, and found the challenges of our real world wanting...?
- **12183**: Let it suffice to say that genius works in mysterious ways. We must consider ourselves fortunate to be able to enjoy the fruits of my master's labor.
- **12184**: ...But I digress. Should you wish to proceed, I shall require from you a nominal fee in gil. It is a costly task to keep the maquette in prime working condition, I fear.
- **12185**: Have you the strength and resolve to face the legions and emerge victorious? Look deep within yourself, and return to me when you have found the answer.
- **12186**: We await your challenge, traveler.
- **12187**: Welcome, traveler. Are you prepared to face the legions?
- **12188**: Ask about something? [Obtain $6./Obtain $6./Exchange Legion points./About Legion./About the rules./About fees./Entering the maquette./Battling the legions./The ultimate challenge?/Nothing for now.]
- **12189**: "Legion" is the name bestowed upon the most formidable of the simulated battlefields wrought by my master, the renowned archmage Abdhaljs.
- **12190**: You may be familiar with the dioramas employed in Conflict. The concept behind Legion is quite similar.
- **12191**: One notable difference is that you need not place a reservation to participate in Legion.
- **12192**: On the fields of battle, you will square off against veritable hordes of fearsome beasts, painstakingly recreated from historical and mythical bestiaries using arcane Far Eastern magicks known only to my master.
- **12193**: It is a simulation, mind you, so you need not fear repercussions on our external reality. There was one...incident...when a behemoth escaped from a prototype of the maquette, but my master assures me that such imperfections have long since been addressed.
- **12194**: For your initial challenge, you may choose from four battlefields.
- **12195**: After being transported inside the maquette, you will be pitted against a legion of fearsome foes.
- **12196**: You will be allotted $0 minutes to dispatch the enemy. Furthermore, the maquette has a maximum capacity of $1 [combatant/combatants].
- **12197**: That said, you are free to take on the legions with as few as $0 in your band...if you are confident in your abilities.
- **12198**: For the safety of all involved, only adventurers who are judged worthy of the challenge will be authorized to enter the maquette.
- **12199**: You must be level $0 or higher to participate in Legion.
- **12200**: The battle will begin when the hour inscribed upon your $0 reaches zero. Prepare as necessary and make your way to the battlefield antechamber in a timely fashion.
- **12201**: Participants will be automatically transported inside the maquette when the battle begins. Should you wish to take to the battlefield sooner, you may enter the portal at any time.
- **12202**: When time expires, you will be transported out of the maquette, whether or not the battle still rages on. Let not overmuch caution be your downfall.
- **12203**: You may remain in the antechamber for $0 [minute/minutes] after the battle has concluded. Of course, you may also depart at will by examining the Legion Tome.
- **12204**: Should you find yourself overwhelmed, you are free to withdraw from the battlefield at any time via the Legion portals. You shall not be permitted reentry, so be sure to divvy up any spoils you have earned before taking your leave.
- **12205**: ...And that is the essence of Legion. Are there any other topics on which I may enlighten you?
- **12206**: To participate in Legion, you will first need $6 or $6. You may purchase them for $2 or $3 gil, respectively.
- **12207**: That is to say, the fee to do battle will vary depending on the number of combatants in your band. While nothing would please us more than to render this service for free, I fear that maintaining the maquette is a costly endeavor indeed.
- **12208**: You wish to know more about battling the legions? Very well. Allow me to explain.
- **12209**: Foes you dispatch may leave behind items on occasion. You are strongly encouraged to discuss the distribution of spoils with your companions beforehand.
- **12210**: Hack and slash haphazardly and you will find yourself with no time to properly divvy up the loot you have earned. A wasted opportunity, to say the least.
- **12211**: You will also be rewarded with Legion Points for each enemy you fell.
- **12212**: Legion Points may be exchanged for an impressive selection of rare rewards. It would behoove you to amass as many as is within your power.
- **12213**: The greatest rewards, however, will be reserved for those who triumph over the overlords of each legion. Mind you, this is no meager task.
- **12214**: Even should you meet your unfortunate demise, take heart. Your wounds will be healed upon leaving the maquette. Fear not, and assail the fiends with all your strength!
- **12215**: Ho ho... Aren't you the curious one? I say only this: Master Abdhaljs has prepared a challenge that promises to strike fear in the hearts of even champions of legend.
- **12216**: Only those who have proved their mettle against all four legions will be granted entry to the final domain. The trophies you acquire will serve as evidence of your valor.
- **12217**: Have the leader of your band trade any trophies you acquire to my associate Mayuyu. In return, she shall furnish you with the corresponding victory medal.
- **12218**: Only a champion bearing all four medals may lead a band to the ultimate test of courage. This is a precautionary measure that I assure you is for the good of all.
- **12219**: Redeem Legion points? ($0 on hand.) [$1 ($2)./$3 ($4)./$5 ($6)./$7 ($8)./$9 ($10)./$11 ($12)./$13 ($14)./$15 ($16)./$17 ($18)./Previous page./Next page./Not now.]
- **12220**: Redeem $1 Legion point[/s] for $0?
- **12221**: You may redeem $1 Legion point[/s] for $0, but first you must defeat the guardian of the Hall of [/An/Ki/Im/Muru/Mul].
- **12222**: Trade? (You have $0 point[/s].) [Yes./On second thought...]
- **12224**: Your first order of business will be to choose the battlefield you wish to challenge.
- **12225**: Ready the necessary fee and deliver it to me.
- **12226**: I shall provide you with $6 or $6 for battles of eighteen or thirty-six combatants, respectively. Take it to my associate Mayuyu, and she will handle matters from there.
- **12227**: Convey to her the battlefield you wish to challenge along with the size of your band, and she will issue you $0. Note that all decisions you have made will, at that point, become final.
- **12228**: Each $0 has the power to transport up to eighteen combatants inside the maquette. Should you and your comrades exceed that number, you will be issued two $0. Delegate a leader for your second group and hand over the additional pass.
- **12230**: You will be required to enter the maquette by a specified time, as inscribed on your $0. As such, we encourage you to organize your companions and make all necessary preparations in advance.
- **12231**: When you are ready, trade your $0 to Mayuyu. She will transport you inside the maquette, and your battle against the enemy legion will commence!
- **12232**: # trades will only be accepted from a party or alliance leader.
- **12233**: I can issue you $6 for $1 gil. Is this acceptable?
- **12234**: Make the purchase? [Yes./On second thought...]
- **12235**: I cannot issue you another until you've used the one you already possess.

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 8004

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value    |
|--------------|----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001   |
| Data Size    | 87 bytes |
| Instructions | 37       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    42 4A F0 FF FF 7F 6F  E2 06 01 4A 6F E2 06 01   BJ....o...Jo...
0010: F0 FF FF 7F 6F 76 6F E2  06 01 1D 00 80 23 1D 01  ....ovo......#..
0020: 80 23 1D 02 80 23 1D 03  80 23 1D 04 80 23 1D 05  .#...#...#...#..
0030: 80 23 1D 06 80 23 1D 07  80 23 1D 08 80 23 1D 09  .#...#...#...#..
0040: 80 23 1D 0A 80 23 1D 0B  80 23 1D 0C 80 23 1D 0D  .#...#...#...#..
0050: 80 23 1D 0E 80 23 21 00                           .#...#!.        
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
  1: 0x0002 [0x4A] LocalPlayer looks at Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F)
  2: 0x000B [0x4A] Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F) looks at LocalPlayer
  3: 0x0014 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  4: 0x0015 [0x76] CHECK_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAGS: Wait until Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F) Render.Flags0 and Render.Flags3 conditions are met
  5: 0x001A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12172*)
    → "Greetings, traveler. I am Saarlan, student of the illustrious archmage Abdhaljs."
  6: 0x001D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  7: 0x001E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12173*)
    → "My master has entrusted me with the care of his most prized creation: a miniature battlefield--or maquette--of peerless construction. Behold the "Legion"!"
  8: 0x0021 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  9: 0x0022 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12174*)
    → "Needless to say, the maquette is no mere ornament. It has been imbued with powerful magicks that allow one to shrink to minuscule sizes and live out epic battles within its walls--battles the likes of which could scarce be imagined in our reality!"
 10: 0x0025 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 11: 0x0026 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12175*)
    → "How does it work? The Far Eastern invocations imbued in the maquette are known to my master, and my master alone. The inner workings of these spells would be far beyond the grasp of ordinary mortals such as you or me."
 12: 0x0029 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 13: 0x002A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12176*)
    → "Those who venture into the maquette will face legions of foes possessing nigh-inconceivable power, painstakingly recreated from records contained in bestiaries of yore. Needless to say, the challenge will be unlike anything you have faced thus far."
 14: 0x002D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 15: 0x002E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12177*)
    → "While there is no danger of actually losing your life in the maquette, know that the physical efforts you expend--and pain you endure--within its walls will be all too real."
 16: 0x0031 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 17: 0x0032 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12178*)
    → "The potential rewards to be gained from battling the legions are tremendous, but only for those who are up to the task."
 18: 0x0035 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 19: 0x0036 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12179*)
    → "Should you have any doubt in your abilities, I suggest you walk away...and quickly."
 20: 0x0039 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 21: 0x003A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12180*)
    → "If, however, you are a true champion seeking the ideal venue to test your abilities to the utmost, then you have found it here."
 22: 0x003D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 23: 0x003E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12181*)
    → "Why did my master take such pains to create a simulated battlefield of such daunting challenge?"
 24: 0x0041 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 25: 0x0042 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12182*)
    → "Perhaps it was merely a flight of fancy. Perhaps he wished to test the limits of his own strength, and found the challenges of our real world wanting...?"
 26: 0x0045 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 27: 0x0046 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12183*)
    → "Let it suffice to say that genius works in mysterious ways. We must consider ourselves fortunate to be able to enjoy the fruits of my master's labor."
 28: 0x0049 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 29: 0x004A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12184*)
    → "...But I digress. Should you wish to proceed, I shall require from you a nominal fee in gil. It is a costly task to keep the maquette in prime working condition, I fear."
 30: 0x004D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 31: 0x004E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12185*)
    → "Have you the strength and resolve to face the legions and emerge victorious? Look deep within yourself, and return to me when you have found the answer."
 32: 0x0051 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 33: 0x0052 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12186*)
    → "We await your challenge, traveler."
 34: 0x0055 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 35: 0x0056 [0x21] END_EVENT
 36: 0x0057 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 8005

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value      |
|--------------|------------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0058     |
| Data Size    | 1734 bytes |
| Instructions | 341        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0050:                          4A F0 FF FF 7F 6F E2 06          J....o..
0060: 01 4A 6F E2 06 01 F0 FF  FF 7F 6F 76 6F E2 06 01  .Jo.......ovo...
0070: 1D 0F 80 23 03 00 00 10  80 03 01 10 10 80 03 05  ...#............
0080: 00 10 80 03 08 00 02 10  03 09 00 03 10 03 0A 00  ................
0090: 04 10 03 0C 00 05 10 03  0B 00 06 10 03 18 00 07  ................
00A0: 10 06 19 00 02 00 00 10  80 00 8F 01 03 02 10 11  ................
00B0: 80 03 03 10 12 80 24 13  80 10 80 19 00 25 02 00  ......$......%..
00C0: 10 10 80 00 E5 00 3E 0A  00 10 80 D4 00 1D 14 80  ......>.........
00D0: 23 01 E2 00 1A 91 01 02  01 10 10 80 02 E2 00 0B  #...............
00E0: 00 00 01 8C 01 02 00 10  15 80 00 0C 01 3E 0B 00  .............>..
00F0: 10 80 FB 00 1D 14 80 23  01 09 01 1A E1 01 02 01  .......#........
0100: 10 10 80 02 09 01 0B 00  00 01 8C 01 02 00 10 16  ................
0110: 80 00 25 01 1A 31 02 02  01 10 10 80 02 22 01 0B  ..%..1......."..
0120: 00 00 01 8C 01 02 00 10  17 80 00 33 01 1A 42 04  ...........3..B.
0130: 01 8C 01 02 00 10 18 80  00 41 01 1A 57 04 01 8C  .........A..W...
0140: 01 02 00 10 19 80 00 4F  01 1A A8 04 01 8C 01 02  .......O........
0150: 00 10 1A 80 00 5D 01 1A  DA 04 01 8C 01 02 00 10  .....]..........
0160: 1B 80 00 6B 01 1A 20 05  01 8C 01 02 00 10 1C 80  ...k.. .........
0170: 00 79 01 1A 46 05 01 8C  01 02 00 10 1D 80 00 8C  .y..F...........
0180: 01 03 01 10 1E 80 0B 00  00 01 8C 01 01 A4 00 21  ...............!
0190: 00 03 02 10 11 80 02 18  00 10 80 02 A6 01 03 03  ................
01A0: 10 1F 80 01 AB 01 03 03  10 20 80 1D 21 80 23 24  ......... ..!.#$
01B0: 22 80 15 80 10 80 25 02  00 10 10 80 00 D5 01 42  ".....%........B
01C0: 40 10 80 23 80 01 10 24  80 40 25 80 26 80 01 10  @..#...$.@%.&...
01D0: 15 80 01 E0 01 02 00 10  15 80 00 E0 01 01 E0 01  ................
01E0: 1B 03 02 10 12 80 02 18  00 10 80 02 F6 01 03 03  ................
01F0: 10 27 80 01 FB 01 03 03  10 28 80 1D 21 80 23 24  .'.......(..!.#$
0200: 22 80 15 80 10 80 25 02  00 10 10 80 00 25 02 42  ".....%......%.B
0210: 40 10 80 23 80 01 10 29  80 40 25 80 26 80 01 10  @..#...).@%.&...
0220: 15 80 01 30 02 02 00 10  15 80 00 30 02 01 30 02  ...0.......0..0.
0230: 1B 03 05 00 10 80 03 01  00 10 80 1A BC 06 03 0D  ................
0240: 00 0E 00 06 02 00 06 1A  00 06 1B 00 06 1D 00 02  ................
0250: 01 00 10 80 00 41 04 03  02 10 0C 00 06 06 00 06  .....A..........
0260: 1E 00 06 1C 00 02 05 00  10 80 00 74 02 3C 06 00  ...........t.<..
0270: 1D 80 15 80 02 05 00 17  80 00 83 02 3C 06 00 24  ............<..$
0280: 80 15 80 03 0E 00 0D 00  0C 0E 00 08 0E 00 1A 00  ................
0290: 02 0E 00 1C 80 05 9F 02  3C 06 00 24 80 15 80 02  ........<..$....
02A0: 1E 00 1C 80 05 1D 03 03  07 00 02 00 9D 00 5C 05  ..............\.
02B0: 03 00 07 00 9D 00 AC 05  04 00 07 00 03 0E 00 1E  ................
02C0: 00 14 0E 00 16 80 0B 0E  00 9D 05 FC 05 03 00 0E  ................
02D0: 00 0B 0E 00 9D 05 FC 05  04 00 0E 00 0B 1A 00 02  ................
02E0: 1E 00 10 80 00 EC 02 03  1B 00 02 00 9D 05 9C 06  ................
02F0: 02 00 1E 00 0B 1E 00 0B  1C 00 0B 02 00 02 1A 00  ................
0300: 0D 00 04 1A 03 02 1E 00  1C 80 05 1A 03 3C 06 00  .............<..
0310: 1E 00 15 80 0B 1E 00 01  05 03 01 9F 02 06 07 00  ................
0320: 24 2A 80 10 80 06 00 25  02 00 10 1D 80 00 3C 03  $*.....%......<.
0330: 0C 05 00 1A DB 06 05 07  00 01 5E 03 02 00 10 24  ..........^....$
0340: 80 00 4D 03 0B 05 00 05  07 00 01 5E 03 02 00 10  ..M........^....
0350: 29 80 00 5E 03 05 01 00  05 07 00 01 5E 03 02 07  )..^........^...
0360: 00 10 80 00 3E 04 03 0E  00 00 10 03 07 00 00 10  ....>...........
0370: 9D 00 9C 06 07 00 0E 00  9D 00 5C 05 03 00 07 00  ..........\.....
0380: 9D 00 AC 05 04 00 07 00  93 03 00 9D 00 4C 06 0E  .............L..
0390: 00 07 00 02 0E 00 10 80  01 B1 03 0C 0E 00 3E 09  ..............>.
03A0: 00 0E 00 AB 03 05 1D 00  01 AE 03 06 1D 00 01 B4  ................
03B0: 03 05 1D 00 02 1D 00 15  80 00 16 04 03 02 10 03  ................
03C0: 00 03 03 10 04 00 1D 2B  80 23 93 10 80 05 1D 00  .......+.#......
03D0: 03 02 10 0C 00 24 2C 80  15 80 10 80 25 02 00 10  .....$,.....%...
03E0: 10 80 00 FE 03 42 40 10  80 23 80 01 10 16 80 40  .....B@..#.....@
03F0: 25 80 26 80 01 10 07 00  05 01 00 01 13 04 02 00  %.&.............
0400: 10 15 80 00 13 04 03 02  00 1B 00 08 1A 00 1C 00  ................
0410: 01 13 04 01 3E 04 03 02  10 03 00 03 03 10 04 00  ....>...........
0420: 9D 00 4C 06 0E 00 07 00  03 04 10 0E 00 1D 2D 80  ..L...........-.
0430: 23 93 10 80 03 02 00 1B  00 08 1A 00 1C 00 01 4F  #..............O
0440: 02 1B 1D 2E 80 23 1D 2F  80 23 1D 30 80 23 1D 31  .....#./.#.0.#.1
0450: 80 23 1D 32 80 23 1B 1D  33 80 23 1D 34 80 23 03  .#.2.#..3.#.4.#.
0460: 02 10 35 80 03 03 10 36  80 1D 37 80 23 03 02 10  ..5....6..7.#...
0470: 15 80 1D 38 80 23 1D 39  80 23 03 02 10 3A 80 48  ...8.#.9.#...:.H
0480: 3B 80 1C 3C 80 03 02 10  3D 80 1D 3E 80 23 1D 3F  ;..<....=..>.#.?
0490: 80 23 1D 40 80 23 03 02  10 19 80 1D 41 80 23 1D  .#.@.#......A.#.
04A0: 42 80 23 1D 43 80 23 1B  03 02 10 12 80 03 03 10  B.#.C.#.........
04B0: 11 80 02 18 00 10 80 02  C7 04 03 04 10 27 80 03  .............'..
04C0: 05 10 1F 80 01 D1 04 03  04 10 28 80 03 05 10 20  ..........(.... 
04D0: 80 1D 44 80 23 1D 45 80  23 1B 1D 46 80 23 1D 47  ..D.#.E.#..F.#.G
04E0: 80 23 03 02 10 12 80 03  03 10 11 80 1D 48 80 23  .#...........H.#
04F0: 03 02 10 3D 80 1D 49 80  23 03 02 10 3D 80 1D 4A  ...=..I.#...=..J
0500: 80 23 03 02 10 3D 80 1D  4B 80 23 03 02 10 3D 80  .#...=..K.#...=.
0510: 1D 4C 80 23 03 02 10 3D  80 48 4D 80 1C 3C 80 1B  .L.#...=.HM..<..
0520: 1D 4E 80 23 03 02 10 35  80 1D 34 80 23 1D 4F 80  .N.#...5..4.#.O.
0530: 23 1D 50 80 23 1D 51 80  23 1D 52 80 23 1D 53 80  #.P.#.Q.#.R.#.S.
0540: 23 1D 54 80 23 1B 1D 55  80 23 03 02 10 56 80 1D  #.T.#..U.#...V..
0550: 57 80 23 1D 58 80 23 1D  59 80 23 1B 5A 80 5B 80  W.#.X.#.Y.#.Z.[.
0560: 5C 80 5D 80 5E 80 5F 80  60 80 61 80 62 80 63 80  \.].^._.`.a.b.c.
0570: 64 80 65 80 66 80 67 80  68 80 69 80 6A 80 6B 80  d.e.f.g.h.i.j.k.
0580: 6C 80 6D 80 6E 80 6F 80  70 80 71 80 72 80 73 80  l.m.n.o.p.q.r.s.
0590: 74 80 75 80 76 80 77 80  78 80 79 80 7A 80 7B 80  t.u.v.w.x.y.z.{.
05A0: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80  10 80 10 80 27 80 27 80  ............'.'.
05B0: 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80  27 80 27 80 27 80 7C 80  '.'.'.'.'.'.'.|.
05C0: 7C 80 7C 80 7D 80 7D 80  7D 80 7C 80 7C 80 7C 80  |.|.}.}.}.|.|.|.
05D0: 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7E 80  7E 80 7E 80 7D 80 7D 80  }.}.}.~.~.~.}.}.
05E0: 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80  7D 80 7F 80 7F 80 7F 80  }.}.}.}.}.......
05F0: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80  10 80 10 80 02 10 03 10  ................
0600: 04 10 05 10 06 10 07 10  08 10 09 10 00 17 01 17  ................
0610: 02 17 03 17 04 17 05 17  06 17 07 17 08 17 09 17  ................
0620: 0A 17 0B 17 0C 17 0D 17  0E 17 0F 17 10 17 11 17  ................
0630: 12 17 13 17 14 17 15 17  16 17 17 17 18 17 19 17  ................
0640: 1A 17 1B 17 1C 17 1D 17  1E 17 1F 17 10 80 10 80  ................
0650: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80  10 80 10 80 10 80 15 80  ................
0660: 15 80 15 80 16 80 16 80  16 80 17 80 17 80 17 80  ................
0670: 18 80 18 80 18 80 19 80  19 80 19 80 15 80 16 80  ................
0680: 17 80 17 80 18 80 18 80  18 80 19 80 19 80 19 80  ................
0690: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80  10 80 10 80 0F 00 10 00  ................
06A0: 11 00 12 00 13 00 14 00  15 00 16 00 17 00 10 80  ................
06B0: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80  10 80 10 80 03 0E 00 1D  ................
06C0: 80 07 0E 00 18 80 07 0E  00 18 80 07 0E 00 19 80  ................
06D0: 07 0E 00 1A 80 07 0E 00  1A 80 1B 03 0E 00 10 80  ................
06E0: 03 1F 00 10 80 03 02 00  1B 00 08 1A 00 1C 00 02  ................
06F0: 0E 00 1C 80 05 1D 07 0C  02 00 0B 0E 00 0C 1A 00  ................
0700: 02 02 00 10 80 05 1A 07  03 02 00 10 80 03 0E 00  ................
0710: 1C 80 0B 0E 00 03 1A 00  10 80 01 EF 06 1B        ..............  
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0058 [0x4A] LocalPlayer looks at Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F)
  1: 0x0061 [0x4A] Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F) looks at LocalPlayer
  2: 0x006A [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  3: 0x006B [0x76] CHECK_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAGS: Wait until Saarlan (ID: 17228399/0x0106E26F) Render.Flags0 and Render.Flags3 conditions are met
  4: 0x0070 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12187*)
    → "Welcome, traveler. Are you prepared to face the legions?"
  5: 0x0073 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  6: 0x0074 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] = 0*
  7: 0x0079 [0x03] Work_Zone[1] = 0*
  8: 0x007E [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5] = 0*
  9: 0x0083 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[8] = Work_Zone[2]
 10: 0x0088 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[9] = Work_Zone[3]
 11: 0x008D [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[10] = Work_Zone[4]
 12: 0x0092 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[12] = Work_Zone[5]
 13: 0x0097 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[11] = Work_Zone[6]
 14: 0x009C [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[24] = Work_Zone[7]
 15: 0x00A1 [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[25] = 0
 16: 0x00A4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x018F
 17: 0x00AC [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1453*
 18: 0x00B1 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 1458*
 19: 0x00B6 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=12188*, default_option=0*, option_flags=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[25])
    → "Ask about something? [Obtain $6./Obtain $6./Exchange Legion points./About Legion./About the rules./About fees./Entering the maquette./Battling the legions./The ultimate challenge?/Nothing for now.]"
 20: 0x00BD [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 21: 0x00BE [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x00E5
 22: 0x00C6 [0x3E] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[10] bit 0*) GOTO 0x00D4
 23: 0x00CD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12235*)
    → "I cannot issue you another until you've used the one you already possess."
 24: 0x00D0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 25: 0x00D1 [0x01] GOTO 0x00E2
 26: 0x00D4 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0191)
 27: 0x00D7 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[1] <= 0*) GOTO 0x00E2
 28: 0x00DF [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0]++

SUBROUTINE_00E2:
 29: 0x00E2 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 30: 0x00E5 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x010C
 31: 0x00ED [0x3E] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[11] bit 0*) GOTO 0x00FB
 32: 0x00F4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12235*)
    → "I cannot issue you another until you've used the one you already possess."
 33: 0x00F7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x00F8 [0x01] GOTO 0x0109
 35: 0x00FB [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x01E1)
 36: 0x00FE [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[1] <= 0*) GOTO 0x0109
 37: 0x0106 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0]++

SUBROUTINE_0109:
 38: 0x0109 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 39: 0x010C [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 2*) GOTO 0x0125
 40: 0x0114 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0231)
 41: 0x0117 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[1] <= 0*) GOTO 0x0122
 42: 0x011F [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0]++
 43: 0x0122 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 44: 0x0125 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 3*) GOTO 0x0133
 45: 0x012D [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0442)
 46: 0x0130 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 47: 0x0133 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 4*) GOTO 0x0141
 48: 0x013B [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0457)
 49: 0x013E [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 50: 0x0141 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 5*) GOTO 0x014F
 51: 0x0149 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x04A8)
 52: 0x014C [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 53: 0x014F [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 6*) GOTO 0x015D
 54: 0x0157 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x04DA)
 55: 0x015A [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 56: 0x015D [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 7*) GOTO 0x016B
 57: 0x0165 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0520)
 58: 0x0168 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 59: 0x016B [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 8*) GOTO 0x0179
 60: 0x0173 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0546)
 61: 0x0176 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C
 62: 0x0179 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 9*) GOTO 0x018C
 63: 0x0181 [0x03] Work_Zone[1] = 1073741824*
 64: 0x0186 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0]++
 65: 0x0189 [0x01] GOTO 0x018C

SUBROUTINE_018C:
 66: 0x018C [0x01] GOTO 0x00A4
 67: 0x018F [0x21] END_EVENT
 68: 0x0190 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_0191:
 69: 0x0191 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1453*
 70: 0x0196 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[24] <= 0*) GOTO 0x01A6
 71: 0x019E [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 2000*
 72: 0x01A3 [0x01] GOTO 0x01AB
 73: 0x01A6 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 360000*

SUBROUTINE_01AB:
 74: 0x01AB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12233*)
    → "I can issue you $6 for $1 gil. Is this acceptable?"
 75: 0x01AE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 76: 0x01AF [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=12234*, default_option=1*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Make the purchase? [Yes./On second thought...]"
 77: 0x01B6 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 78: 0x01B7 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x01D5
 79: 0x01BF [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
 80: 0x01C0 [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=0*, end_bit=15*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=10*)
 81: 0x01C9 [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=16*, end_bit=31*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=1*)
 82: 0x01D2 [0x01] GOTO 0x01E0
 83: 0x01D5 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x01E0
 84: 0x01DD [0x01] GOTO 0x01E0

SUBROUTINE_01E0:
 85: 0x01E0 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_01E1:
 86: 0x01E1 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1458*
 87: 0x01E6 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[24] <= 0*) GOTO 0x01F6
 88: 0x01EE [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 1000*
 89: 0x01F3 [0x01] GOTO 0x01FB
 90: 0x01F6 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 180000*

SUBROUTINE_01FB:
 91: 0x01FB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12233*)
    → "I can issue you $6 for $1 gil. Is this acceptable?"
 92: 0x01FE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 93: 0x01FF [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=12234*, default_option=1*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Make the purchase? [Yes./On second thought...]"
 94: 0x0206 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 95: 0x0207 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x0225
 96: 0x020F [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
 97: 0x0210 [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=0*, end_bit=15*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=11*)
 98: 0x0219 [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=16*, end_bit=31*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=1*)
 99: 0x0222 [0x01] GOTO 0x0230
100: 0x0225 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0230
101: 0x022D [0x01] GOTO 0x0230

SUBROUTINE_0230:
102: 0x0230 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_0231:
103: 0x0231 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5] = 0*
104: 0x0236 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = 0*
105: 0x023B [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x06BC)
106: 0x023E [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[13] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]
107: 0x0243 [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] = 0
108: 0x0246 [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] = 0
109: 0x0249 [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[27] = 0
110: 0x024C [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] = 0

SUBROUTINE_024F:
111: 0x024F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 0*) GOTO 0x0441
112: 0x0257 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[12]
113: 0x025C [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6] = 0
114: 0x025F [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30] = 0
115: 0x0262 [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[28] = 0
116: 0x0265 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5] == 0*) GOTO 0x0274
117: 0x026D [0x3C] SET_BIT_FLAG_CONDITIONAL(target_work_offset=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6], bit_index_work_offset=9*, condition_work_offset=1*)
118: 0x0274 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5] == 3*) GOTO 0x0283
119: 0x027C [0x3C] SET_BIT_FLAG_CONDITIONAL(target_work_offset=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6], bit_index_work_offset=10*, condition_work_offset=1*)
120: 0x0283 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[13]
121: 0x0288 [0x0C] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]--
122: 0x028B [0x08] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] -= ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26]
123: 0x0290 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] > 8*) GOTO 0x029F
124: 0x0298 [0x3C] SET_BIT_FLAG_CONDITIONAL(target_work_offset=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6], bit_index_work_offset=10*, condition_work_offset=1*)

SUBROUTINE_029F:
125: 0x029F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30] > 8*) GOTO 0x031D
126: 0x02A7 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2]
127: 0x02AC [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3] = 0x055C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
128: 0x02B4 [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[4] = 0x05AC[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
129: 0x02BC [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30]
130: 0x02C1 [0x14] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] *= 2*
131: 0x02C6 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]++
132: 0x02C9 [0x9D] 0x05FC[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] * 2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3] // Write WORD
133: 0x02D1 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]++
134: 0x02D4 [0x9D] 0x05FC[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] * 2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[4] // Write WORD
135: 0x02DC [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26]++
136: 0x02DF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30] == 0*) GOTO 0x02EC
137: 0x02E7 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[27] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2]
138: 0x02EC [0x9D] 0x069C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30] * 2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] // Write WORD
139: 0x02F4 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30]++
140: 0x02F7 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[28]++
141: 0x02FA [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2]++
142: 0x02FD [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] < ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[13]) GOTO 0x031A

SUBROUTINE_0305:
143: 0x0305 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30] > 8*) GOTO 0x031A
144: 0x030D [0x3C] SET_BIT_FLAG_CONDITIONAL(target_work_offset=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6], bit_index_work_offset=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30], condition_work_offset=1*)
145: 0x0314 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[30]++
146: 0x0317 [0x01] GOTO 0x0305
147: 0x031A [0x01] GOTO 0x029F
148: 0x031D [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = 0
149: 0x0320 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=12219*, default_option=0*, option_flags=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[6])
    → "Redeem Legion points? ($0 on hand.) [$1 ($2)./$3 ($4)./$5 ($6)./$7 ($8)./$9 ($10)./$11 ($12)./$13 ($14)./$15 ($16)./$17 ($18)./Previous page./Next page./Not now.]"
150: 0x0327 [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
151: 0x0328 [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 9*) GOTO 0x033C
152: 0x0330 [0x0C] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5]--
153: 0x0333 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x06DB)
154: 0x0336 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = 1
155: 0x0339 [0x01] GOTO 0x035E
156: 0x033C [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 10*) GOTO 0x034D
157: 0x0344 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[5]++
158: 0x0347 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = 1
159: 0x034A [0x01] GOTO 0x035E
160: 0x034D [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 11*) GOTO 0x035E
161: 0x0355 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = 1
162: 0x0358 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = 1
163: 0x035B [0x01] GOTO 0x035E

SUBROUTINE_035E:
164: 0x035E [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] == 0*) GOTO 0x043E
165: 0x0366 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = Work_Zone[0]
166: 0x036B [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = Work_Zone[0]
167: 0x0370 [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7] = 0x069C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]] // Read WORD
168: 0x0378 [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3] = 0x055C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
169: 0x0380 [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[4] = 0x05AC[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
170: 0x0388 [0x93] DISPLAY_ITEM_INFO(item_id=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3])
171: 0x038B [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = 0x064C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
172: 0x0393 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] == 0*) GOTO 0x03B1
173: 0x039B [0x0C] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]--
174: 0x039E [0x3E] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[9] bit ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]) GOTO 0x03AB
175: 0x03A5 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] = 1
176: 0x03A8 [0x01] GOTO 0x03AE
177: 0x03AB [0x06] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] = 0

SUBROUTINE_03AE:
178: 0x03AE [0x01] GOTO 0x03B4
179: 0x03B1 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] = 1

SUBROUTINE_03B4:
180: 0x03B4 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] == 1*) GOTO 0x0416
181: 0x03BC [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3]
182: 0x03C1 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[4]
183: 0x03C6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12220*)
    → "Redeem $1 Legion point[/s] for $0?"
184: 0x03C9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
185: 0x03CA [0x93] DISPLAY_ITEM_INFO(item_id=0*)
186: 0x03CD [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[29] = 1
187: 0x03D0 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[12]
188: 0x03D5 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=12222*, default_option=1*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Trade? (You have $0 point[/s].) [Yes./On second thought...]"
189: 0x03DC [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
190: 0x03DD [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x03FE
191: 0x03E5 [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
192: 0x03E6 [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=0*, end_bit=15*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=2*)
193: 0x03EF [0x40] SET_BIT_WORK_RANGE(start_bit=16*, end_bit=31*, target=Work_Zone[1], source=ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7])
194: 0x03F8 [0x05] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = 1
195: 0x03FB [0x01] GOTO 0x0413
196: 0x03FE [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0413
197: 0x0406 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[27]
198: 0x040B [0x08] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] -= ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[28]
199: 0x0410 [0x01] GOTO 0x0413

SUBROUTINE_0413:
200: 0x0413 [0x01] GOTO 0x043E
201: 0x0416 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[3]
202: 0x041B [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[4]
203: 0x0420 [0x9D] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = 0x064C[ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[7]] // Read WORD
204: 0x0428 [0x03] Work_Zone[4] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]
205: 0x042D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12221*)
    → "You may redeem $1 Legion point[/s] for $0, but first you must defeat the guardian of the Hall of [/An/Ki/Im/Muru/Mul]."
206: 0x0430 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
207: 0x0431 [0x93] DISPLAY_ITEM_INFO(item_id=0*)
208: 0x0434 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[27]
209: 0x0439 [0x08] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] -= ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[28]

SUBROUTINE_043E:
210: 0x043E [0x01] GOTO 0x024F
211: 0x0441 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_0442:
212: 0x0442 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12189*)
    → ""Legion" is the name bestowed upon the most formidable of the simulated battlefields wrought by my master, the renowned archmage Abdhaljs."
213: 0x0445 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
214: 0x0446 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12190*)
    → "You may be familiar with the dioramas employed in Conflict. The concept behind Legion is quite similar."
215: 0x0449 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
216: 0x044A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12191*)
    → "One notable difference is that you need not place a reservation to participate in Legion."
217: 0x044D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
218: 0x044E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12192*)
    → "On the fields of battle, you will square off against veritable hordes of fearsome beasts, painstakingly recreated from historical and mythical bestiaries using arcane Far Eastern magicks known only to my master."
219: 0x0451 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
220: 0x0452 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12193*)
    → "It is a simulation, mind you, so you need not fear repercussions on our external reality. There was one...incident...when a behemoth escaped from a prototype of the maquette, but my master assures me that such imperfections have long since been addressed."
221: 0x0455 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
222: 0x0456 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_0457:
223: 0x0457 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12194*)
    → "For your initial challenge, you may choose from four battlefields."
224: 0x045A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
225: 0x045B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12195*)
    → "After being transported inside the maquette, you will be pitted against a legion of fearsome foes."
226: 0x045E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
227: 0x045F [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 30*
228: 0x0464 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 36*
229: 0x0469 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12196*)
    → "You will be allotted $0 minutes to dispatch the enemy. Furthermore, the maquette has a maximum capacity of $1 [combatant/combatants]."
230: 0x046C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
231: 0x046D [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1*
232: 0x0472 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12197*)
    → "That said, you are free to take on the legions with as few as $0 in your band...if you are confident in your abilities."
233: 0x0475 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
234: 0x0476 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12198*)
    → "For the safety of all involved, only adventurers who are judged worthy of the challenge will be authorized to enter the maquette."
235: 0x0479 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
236: 0x047A [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 75*
237: 0x047F [0x48] [System] [12199*]:
    → "You must be level $0 or higher to participate in Legion."
238: 0x0482 [0x1C] WAIT(40* ticks)
239: 0x0485 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
240: 0x048A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12200*)
    → "The battle will begin when the hour inscribed upon your $0 reaches zero. Prepare as necessary and make your way to the battlefield antechamber in a timely fashion."
241: 0x048D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
242: 0x048E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12201*)
    → "Participants will be automatically transported inside the maquette when the battle begins. Should you wish to take to the battlefield sooner, you may enter the portal at any time."
243: 0x0491 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
244: 0x0492 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12202*)
    → "When time expires, you will be transported out of the maquette, whether or not the battle still rages on. Let not overmuch caution be your downfall."
245: 0x0495 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
246: 0x0496 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 5*
247: 0x049B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12203*)
    → "You may remain in the antechamber for $0 [minute/minutes] after the battle has concluded. Of course, you may also depart at will by examining the Legion Tome."
248: 0x049E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
249: 0x049F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12204*)
    → "Should you find yourself overwhelmed, you are free to withdraw from the battlefield at any time via the Legion portals. You shall not be permitted reentry, so be sure to divvy up any spoils you have earned before taking your leave."
250: 0x04A2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
251: 0x04A3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12205*)
    → "...And that is the essence of Legion. Are there any other topics on which I may enlighten you?"
252: 0x04A6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
253: 0x04A7 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_04A8:
254: 0x04A8 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1458*
255: 0x04AD [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 1453*
256: 0x04B2 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[24] <= 0*) GOTO 0x04C7
257: 0x04BA [0x03] Work_Zone[4] = 1000*
258: 0x04BF [0x03] Work_Zone[5] = 2000*
259: 0x04C4 [0x01] GOTO 0x04D1
260: 0x04C7 [0x03] Work_Zone[4] = 180000*
261: 0x04CC [0x03] Work_Zone[5] = 360000*

SUBROUTINE_04D1:
262: 0x04D1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12206*)
    → "To participate in Legion, you will first need $6 or $6. You may purchase them for $2 or $3 gil, respectively."
263: 0x04D4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
264: 0x04D5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12207*)
    → "That is to say, the fee to do battle will vary depending on the number of combatants in your band. While nothing would please us more than to render this service for free, I fear that maintaining the maquette is a costly endeavor indeed."
265: 0x04D8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
266: 0x04D9 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_04DA:
267: 0x04DA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12224*)
    → "Your first order of business will be to choose the battlefield you wish to challenge."
268: 0x04DD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
269: 0x04DE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12225*)
    → "Ready the necessary fee and deliver it to me."
270: 0x04E1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
271: 0x04E2 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 1458*
272: 0x04E7 [0x03] Work_Zone[3] = 1453*
273: 0x04EC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12226*)
    → "I shall provide you with $6 or $6 for battles of eighteen or thirty-six combatants, respectively. Take it to my associate Mayuyu, and she will handle matters from there."
274: 0x04EF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
275: 0x04F0 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
276: 0x04F5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12227*)
    → "Convey to her the battlefield you wish to challenge along with the size of your band, and she will issue you $0. Note that all decisions you have made will, at that point, become final."
277: 0x04F8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
278: 0x04F9 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
279: 0x04FE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12228*)
    → "Each $0 has the power to transport up to eighteen combatants inside the maquette. Should you and your comrades exceed that number, you will be issued two $0. Delegate a leader for your second group and hand over the additional pass."
280: 0x0501 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
281: 0x0502 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
282: 0x0507 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12230*)
    → "You will be required to enter the maquette by a specified time, as inscribed on your $0. As such, we encourage you to organize your companions and make all necessary preparations in advance."
283: 0x050A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
284: 0x050B [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
285: 0x0510 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12231*)
    → "When you are ready, trade your $0 to Mayuyu. She will transport you inside the maquette, and your battle against the enemy legion will commence!"
286: 0x0513 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
287: 0x0514 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3528*
288: 0x0519 [0x48] [System] [12232*]:
    → "# trades will only be accepted from a party or alliance leader."
289: 0x051C [0x1C] WAIT(40* ticks)
290: 0x051F [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_0520:
291: 0x0520 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12208*)
    → "You wish to know more about battling the legions? Very well. Allow me to explain."
292: 0x0523 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
293: 0x0524 [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 30*
294: 0x0529 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12195*)
    → "After being transported inside the maquette, you will be pitted against a legion of fearsome foes."
295: 0x052C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
296: 0x052D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12209*)
    → "Foes you dispatch may leave behind items on occasion. You are strongly encouraged to discuss the distribution of spoils with your companions beforehand."
297: 0x0530 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
298: 0x0531 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12210*)
    → "Hack and slash haphazardly and you will find yourself with no time to properly divvy up the loot you have earned. A wasted opportunity, to say the least."
299: 0x0534 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
300: 0x0535 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12211*)
    → "You will also be rewarded with Legion Points for each enemy you fell."
301: 0x0538 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
302: 0x0539 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12212*)
    → "Legion Points may be exchanged for an impressive selection of rare rewards. It would behoove you to amass as many as is within your power."
303: 0x053C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
304: 0x053D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12213*)
    → "The greatest rewards, however, will be reserved for those who triumph over the overlords of each legion. Mind you, this is no meager task."
305: 0x0540 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
306: 0x0541 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12214*)
    → "Even should you meet your unfortunate demise, take heart. Your wounds will be healed upon leaving the maquette. Fear not, and assail the fiends with all your strength!"
307: 0x0544 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
308: 0x0545 [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_0546:
309: 0x0546 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12215*)
    → "Ho ho... Aren't you the curious one? I say only this: Master Abdhaljs has prepared a challenge that promises to strike fear in the hearts of even champions of legend."
310: 0x0549 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
311: 0x054A [0x03] Work_Zone[2] = 3529*
312: 0x054F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12216*)
    → "Only those who have proved their mettle against all four legions will be granted entry to the final domain. The trophies you acquire will serve as evidence of your valor."
313: 0x0552 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
314: 0x0553 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12217*)
    → "Have the leader of your band trade any trophies you acquire to my associate Mayuyu. In return, she shall furnish you with the corresponding victory medal."
315: 0x0556 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
316: 0x0557 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=12218*)
    → "Only a champion bearing all four medals may lead a band to the ultimate test of courage. This is a precautionary measure that I assure you is for the good of all."
317: 0x055A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
318: 0x055B [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_06BC:
319: 0x06BC [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = 9*
320: 0x06C1 [0x07] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] += 4*
321: 0x06C6 [0x07] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] += 4*
322: 0x06CB [0x07] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] += 5*
323: 0x06D0 [0x07] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] += 6*
324: 0x06D5 [0x07] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] += 6*
325: 0x06DA [0x1B] RETURN

SUBROUTINE_06DB:
326: 0x06DB [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = 0*
327: 0x06E0 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[31] = 0*
328: 0x06E5 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] = ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[27]
329: 0x06EA [0x08] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] -= ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[28]

SUBROUTINE_06EF:
330: 0x06EF [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] > 8*) GOTO 0x071D
331: 0x06F7 [0x0C] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2]--
332: 0x06FA [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]++
333: 0x06FD [0x0C] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26]--
334: 0x0700 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] > 0*) GOTO 0x071A
335: 0x0708 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[2] = 0*
336: 0x070D [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14] = 8*
337: 0x0712 [0x0B] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[14]++
338: 0x0715 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[26] = 0*
339: 0x071A [0x01] GOTO 0x06EF
340: 0x071D [0x1B] RETURN
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Data Section: 0x055C (352 bytes)
     0x055C: 5A 80 5B 80 5C 80 5D 80 5E 80 5F 80 60 80 61 80
     0x056C: 62 80 63 80 64 80 65 80 66 80 67 80 68 80 69 80
     0x057C: 6A 80 6B 80 6C 80 6D 80 6E 80 6F 80 70 80 71 80
     0x058C: 72 80 73 80 74 80 75 80 76 80 77 80 78 80 79 80
     0x059C: 7A 80 7B 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80
     0x05AC: 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80 27 80
     0x05BC: 27 80 7C 80 7C 80 7C 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7C 80
     0x05CC: 7C 80 7C 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7E 80 7E 80 7E 80
     0x05DC: 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7D 80 7F 80
     0x05EC: 7F 80 7F 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80
     0x05FC: 02 10 03 10 04 10 05 10 06 10 07 10 08 10 09 10
     0x060C: 00 17 01 17 02 17 03 17 04 17 05 17 06 17 07 17
     0x061C: 08 17 09 17 0A 17 0B 17 0C 17 0D 17 0E 17 0F 17
     0x062C: 10 17 11 17 12 17 13 17 14 17 15 17 16 17 17 17
     0x063C: 18 17 19 17 1A 17 1B 17 1C 17 1D 17 1E 17 1F 17
     0x064C: 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80
     0x065C: 10 80 15 80 15 80 15 80 16 80 16 80 16 80 17 80
     0x066C: 17 80 17 80 18 80 18 80 18 80 19 80 19 80 19 80
     0x067C: 15 80 16 80 17 80 17 80 18 80 18 80 18 80 19 80
     0x068C: 19 80 19 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80
     0x069C: 0F 00 10 00 11 00 12 00 13 00 14 00 15 00 16 00
     0x06AC: 17 00 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80 10 80
```
