# 17723550 - Villion

## Common Data

| Field            | Value                         |
|------------------|-------------------------------|
| Zone             | Northern San d'Oria (ID: 231) |
| Block Size       | 1628 bytes                    |
| Total Events     | 7                             |
| References Count | 93                            |

## List of Events

| Event ID              | Entrypoint   |   Size |   Instructions |
|-----------------------|--------------|--------|----------------|
| [65535](#event-65535) | 0x0000       |      1 |              1 |
| [632](#event-632)     | 0x0001       |    276 |             78 |
| [4862](#event-4862)   | 0x0115       |      5 |              3 |
| [4863](#event-4863)   | 0x011A       |      5 |              3 |
| [4864](#event-4864)   | 0x011F       |      5 |              3 |
| [4888](#event-4888)   | 0x0124       |      5 |              3 |
| [4889](#event-4889)   | 0x0129       |    913 |            284 |

## DAT References (imed_data)

|   Index | Hex Value   |   Dec Value |
|---------|-------------|-------------|
|       0 | 0x001E      |          30 |
|       1 | 0x2D6A      |       11626 |
|       2 | 0x2D6B      |       11627 |
|       3 | 0x2D6C      |       11628 |
|       4 | 0x0000      |           0 |
|       5 | 0x2D6E      |       11630 |
|       6 | 0x0001      |           1 |
|       7 | 0xFFFFFFFC  |  4294967292 |
|       8 | 0x0003      |           3 |
|       9 | 0x2D6F      |       11631 |
|      10 | 0x2D70      |       11632 |
|      11 | 0x2D71      |       11633 |
|      12 | 0x2D72      |       11634 |
|      13 | 0x2D73      |       11635 |
|      14 | 0x2D74      |       11636 |
|      15 | 0x2D75      |       11637 |
|      16 | 0x2D76      |       11638 |
|      17 | 0x2D77      |       11639 |
|      18 | 0x2D78      |       11640 |
|      19 | 0x2D79      |       11641 |
|      20 | 0x2D7A      |       11642 |
|      21 | 0x2D7B      |       11643 |
|      22 | 0x2D7C      |       11644 |
|      23 | 0x2D6D      |       11629 |
|      24 | 0x4516      |       17686 |
|      25 | 0x4517      |       17687 |
|      26 | 0x4518      |       17688 |
|      27 | 0x4519      |       17689 |
|      28 | 0x0002      |           2 |
|      29 | 0x451B      |       17691 |
|      30 | 0x451C      |       17692 |
|      31 | 0x451D      |       17693 |
|      32 | 0x451E      |       17694 |
|      33 | 0x4520      |       17696 |
|      34 | 0x4521      |       17697 |
|      35 | 0x4522      |       17698 |
|      36 | 0x4523      |       17699 |
|      37 | 0x0004      |           4 |
|      38 | 0x4525      |       17701 |
|      39 | 0x4526      |       17702 |
|      40 | 0x4527      |       17703 |
|      41 | 0x4528      |       17704 |
|      42 | 0x0005      |           5 |
|      43 | 0x452A      |       17706 |
|      44 | 0x452B      |       17707 |
|      45 | 0x452C      |       17708 |
|      46 | 0x452D      |       17709 |
|      47 | 0x0006      |           6 |
|      48 | 0x452F      |       17711 |
|      49 | 0x4530      |       17712 |
|      50 | 0x4531      |       17713 |
|      51 | 0x4532      |       17714 |
|      52 | 0x0007      |           7 |
|      53 | 0x4539      |       17721 |
|      54 | 0x453A      |       17722 |
|      55 | 0x453B      |       17723 |
|      56 | 0x453C      |       17724 |
|      57 | 0x4534      |       17716 |
|      58 | 0x4535      |       17717 |
|      59 | 0x4536      |       17718 |
|      60 | 0x4537      |       17719 |
|      61 | 0x451A      |       17690 |
|      62 | 0x451F      |       17695 |
|      63 | 0x4524      |       17700 |
|      64 | 0x4529      |       17705 |
|      65 | 0x452E      |       17710 |
|      66 | 0x4533      |       17715 |
|      67 | 0x453D      |       17725 |
|      68 | 0x4538      |       17720 |
|      69 | 0x453E      |       17726 |
|      70 | 0x453F      |       17727 |
|      71 | 0x4540      |       17728 |
|      72 | 0x4541      |       17729 |
|      73 | 0x4542      |       17730 |
|      74 | 0x4543      |       17731 |
|      75 | 0x4544      |       17732 |
|      76 | 0x4545      |       17733 |
|      77 | 0x4546      |       17734 |
|      78 | 0x4547      |       17735 |
|      79 | 0x4548      |       17736 |
|      80 | 0x4549      |       17737 |
|      81 | 0x454A      |       17738 |
|      82 | 0x454B      |       17739 |
|      83 | 0x454C      |       17740 |
|      84 | 0x454D      |       17741 |
|      85 | 0x454E      |       17742 |
|      86 | 0x454F      |       17743 |
|      87 | 0x4553      |       17747 |
|      88 | 0x4554      |       17748 |
|      89 | 0x4555      |       17749 |
|      90 | 0x4550      |       17744 |
|      91 | 0x4551      |       17745 |
|      92 | 0x4552      |       17746 |

## String References

- **11626**: Hello there! Through my teachings I seek to raise the awareness of San d'Oria's fine citizens.
- **11627**: My specialty is the elements and their correlations. Of course, those from abroad are welcome to my knowledge, too.
- **11628**: View the chart of elemental correlations? [Yes./No.]
- **11629**: Ah...that is a shame. You've been taught all you need to know, have you?
- **11630**: Excellent choice, friend. This may not be the best place for study, but let's get started!
- **11631**: Ever heard of the elements, the most primal forms of energy? There are eight in all.
- **11632**: Behold, they are like a wheel, with arrows forming a circle. This shows how the myriad elements relate to one another.
- **11633**: They are like six serpents in a circle, each biting the tail of the one before it.
- **11634**: I will explain simply. Water puts out fire, whilst the heat of fire melts ice.
- **11635**: Ice blocks wind, whilst wind wears away at earth. Can you see it right there?
- **11636**: Earth steals energy from lightning, whilst lightning throws its bolts into water.
- **11637**: Light and darkness occupy the center. They are in mutual opposition, for one cannot be both at once.
- **11638**: Ah, yes! There's one more thing you should know: the elements are tied closely to the status of your health.
- **11639**: If you'd like to learn more, I am willing to continue.
- **11640**: Are you ready to hear more? [Yes, please./No, that will be enough.]
- **11641**: Very good! Fire causes disease, ice paralysis, wind silence, earth petrification, lightning stun, and water poison.
- **11642**: Then there is charm, which is caused by light, whilst blindness, curse, and sleep are all the domain of darkness.
- **11643**: Therefore, armor and accessories that resist certain elements also help you avoid status ailments caused by those elements.
- **11644**: That will be all for today's lecture. Should you wish to review, just ask! I teach all who wish to learn.
- **17686**: What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!
- **17687**: Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot.
- **17688**: Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really.
- **17689**: Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?
- **17690**: I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success.
- **17691**: Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?
- **17692**: What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!
- **17693**: I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress.
- **17694**: And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do.
- **17695**: How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!
- **17696**: I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?
- **17697**: Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful.
- **17698**: Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration.
- **17699**: Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart.
- **17700**: Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la\`t.
- **17701**: What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?
- **17702**: 'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore.
- **17703**: While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!
- **17704**: 'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans.
- **17705**: Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!
- **17706**: Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!
- **17707**: ...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back.
- **17708**: As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?
- **17709**: After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts.
- **17710**: Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer.
- **17711**: So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?
- **17712**: Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles.
- **17713**: You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!
- **17714**: And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!
- **17715**: Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!
- **17716**: Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?
- **17717**: Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back.
- **17718**: Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?
- **17719**: Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done.
- **17720**: I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend.
- **17721**: What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!
- **17722**: What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?
- **17723**: Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs.
- **17724**: But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?
- **17725**: What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!
- **17726**: A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one.
- **17727**: I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!
- **17728**: And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!
- **17729**: Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?
- **17730**: Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula.
- **17731**: I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint.
- **17732**: What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?
- **17733**: How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration.
- **17734**: Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer.
- **17735**: Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?
- **17736**: What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru.
- **17737**: The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you."
- **17738**: A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?
- **17739**: Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met...
- **17740**: Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!
- **17741**: Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer.
- **17742**: I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!
- **17743**: No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!
- **17744**: Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on.
- **17745**: The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month.
- **17746**: I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope.
- **17747**: A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!
- **17748**: What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it...
- **17749**: Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!

## Events

### Event 65535

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0000  |
| Data Size    | 1 bytes |
| Instructions | 1       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000: 00                                                .               
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0000 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 632

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0001    |
| Data Size    | 276 bytes |
| Instructions | 78        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0000:    1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70  66 00 80 F8 FF FF 7F F8   .....opf.......
0010: FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  01 80 23 1C 00 80 1D 02  ...tlk0...#.....
0020: 80 23 5E 69 64 6C 30 24  03 80 04 80 04 80 25 02  .#^idl0$......%.
0030: 00 10 04 80 00 ED 00 66  00 80 F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF  .......f........
0040: FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D 05  80 23 5E 69 64 6C 30 1C  ..tlk0...#^idl0.
0050: 00 80 9C 00 00 02 00 00  06 80 00 65 00 8D 07 80  ...........e....
0060: 06 80 01 6A 00 8D 07 80  08 80 1D 09 80 23 1C 00  ...j.........#..
0070: 80 1D 0A 80 23 1C 00 80  1D 0B 80 23 1C 00 80 1D  ....#......#....
0080: 0C 80 23 1C 00 80 1D 0D  80 23 1C 00 80 1D 0E 80  ..#......#......
0090: 23 1C 00 80 1D 0F 80 23  1C 00 80 1D 10 80 23 1C  #......#......#.
00A0: 00 80 8A 1D 11 80 23 24  12 80 04 80 04 80 25 02  ......#$......%.
00B0: 00 10 04 80 00 CF 00 1D  13 80 23 1C 00 80 1D 14  ..........#.....
00C0: 80 23 1C 00 80 1D 15 80  23 1C 00 80 01 CF 00 66  .#......#......f
00D0: 00 80 F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF  FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D 16  ..........tlk0..
00E0: 80 23 5E 69 64 6C 30 1C  00 80 01 13 01 02 00 10  .#^idl0.........
00F0: 06 80 00 13 01 66 00 80  F8 FF FF 7F F8 FF FF 7F  .....f..........
0100: 74 6C 6B 30 1D 17 80 23  5E 69 64 6C 30 1C 00 80  tlk0...#^idl0...
0110: 01 13 01 21 00                                    ...!.           
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0001 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  1: 0x0006 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  2: 0x0007 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  3: 0x0008 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=30*
  4: 0x0017 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11626*)
    → "Hello there! Through my teachings I seek to raise the awareness of San d'Oria's fine citizens."
  5: 0x001A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  6: 0x001B [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
  7: 0x001E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11627*)
    → "My specialty is the elements and their correlations. Of course, those from abroad are welcome to my knowledge, too."
  8: 0x0021 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
  9: 0x0022 [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
 10: 0x0027 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=11628*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "View the chart of elemental correlations? [Yes./No.]"
 11: 0x002E [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 12: 0x002F [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x00ED
 13: 0x0037 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=30*
 14: 0x0046 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11630*)
    → "Excellent choice, friend. This may not be the best place for study, but let's get started!"
 15: 0x0049 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 16: 0x004A [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
 17: 0x004F [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 18: 0x0052 [0x9C] STORE_CLIENT_LANGUAGE_ID(result=0x00)
 19: 0x0055 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0065
 20: 0x005D [0x8D] OPEN_MAP_WITH_PROPERTIES(map_id=4294967292*, properties=1*)
 21: 0x0062 [0x01] GOTO 0x006A
 22: 0x0065 [0x8D] OPEN_MAP_WITH_PROPERTIES(map_id=4294967292*, properties=3*)

SUBROUTINE_006A:
 23: 0x006A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11631*)
    → "Ever heard of the elements, the most primal forms of energy? There are eight in all."
 24: 0x006D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 25: 0x006E [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 26: 0x0071 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11632*)
    → "Behold, they are like a wheel, with arrows forming a circle. This shows how the myriad elements relate to one another."
 27: 0x0074 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 28: 0x0075 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 29: 0x0078 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11633*)
    → "They are like six serpents in a circle, each biting the tail of the one before it."
 30: 0x007B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 31: 0x007C [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 32: 0x007F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11634*)
    → "I will explain simply. Water puts out fire, whilst the heat of fire melts ice."
 33: 0x0082 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x0083 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 35: 0x0086 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11635*)
    → "Ice blocks wind, whilst wind wears away at earth. Can you see it right there?"
 36: 0x0089 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 37: 0x008A [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 38: 0x008D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11636*)
    → "Earth steals energy from lightning, whilst lightning throws its bolts into water."
 39: 0x0090 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 40: 0x0091 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 41: 0x0094 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11637*)
    → "Light and darkness occupy the center. They are in mutual opposition, for one cannot be both at once."
 42: 0x0097 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 43: 0x0098 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 44: 0x009B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11638*)
    → "Ah, yes! There's one more thing you should know: the elements are tied closely to the status of your health."
 45: 0x009E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 46: 0x009F [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 47: 0x00A2 [0x8A] CLOSE_MAP()
 48: 0x00A3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11639*)
    → "If you'd like to learn more, I am willing to continue."
 49: 0x00A6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 50: 0x00A7 [0x24] CREATE_DIALOG(message_id=11640*, default_option=0*, option_flags=0*)
    → "Are you ready to hear more? [Yes, please./No, that will be enough.]"
 51: 0x00AE [0x25] WAIT_DIALOG_SELECT()
 52: 0x00AF [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 0*) GOTO 0x00CF
 53: 0x00B7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11641*)
    → "Very good! Fire causes disease, ice paralysis, wind silence, earth petrification, lightning stun, and water poison."
 54: 0x00BA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 55: 0x00BB [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 56: 0x00BE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11642*)
    → "Then there is charm, which is caused by light, whilst blindness, curse, and sleep are all the domain of darkness."
 57: 0x00C1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 58: 0x00C2 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 59: 0x00C5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11643*)
    → "Therefore, armor and accessories that resist certain elements also help you avoid status ailments caused by those elements."
 60: 0x00C8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 61: 0x00C9 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 62: 0x00CC [0x01] GOTO 0x00CF

SUBROUTINE_00CF:
 63: 0x00CF [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=30*
 64: 0x00DE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11644*)
    → "That will be all for today's lecture. Should you wish to review, just ask! I teach all who wish to learn."
 65: 0x00E1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 66: 0x00E2 [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
 67: 0x00E7 [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 68: 0x00EA [0x01] GOTO 0x0113
 69: 0x00ED [0x02] IF !(Work_Zone[0] == 1*) GOTO 0x0113
 70: 0x00F5 [0x66] LOAD_EXT_SCHEDULER_MAIN: Load scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity], work=30*
 71: 0x0104 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=11629*)
    → "Ah...that is a shame. You've been taught all you need to know, have you?"
 72: 0x0107 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 73: 0x0108 [0x5E] EventEntity goes idle (kills current action) (animation: "idl0")
 74: 0x010D [0x1C] WAIT(30* ticks)
 75: 0x0110 [0x01] GOTO 0x0113

SUBROUTINE_0113:
 76: 0x0113 [0x21] END_EVENT
 77: 0x0114 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4862

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0115  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0110:                1A 2E 01  21 00                         ...!.      
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0115 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x012E)
  1: 0x0118 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0119 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4863

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x011A  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0110:                                1A 70 02 21 00               .p.!. 
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x011A [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0270)
  1: 0x011D [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x011E [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4864

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x011F  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0110:                                               1A                 .
0120: 0A 03 21 00                                       ..!.            
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x011F [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x030A)
  1: 0x0122 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0123 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4888

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value   |
|--------------|---------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0124  |
| Data Size    | 5 bytes |
| Instructions | 3       |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0120:             1A 85 03 21  00                           ...!.       
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0124 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0385)
  1: 0x0127 [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x0128 [0x00] END_REQSTACK()
```

### Event 4889

#### Metadata

| Field        | Value     |
|--------------|-----------|
| Entrypoint   | 0x0129    |
| Data Size    | 913 bytes |
| Instructions | 38        |

```
      00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07  08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
      -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --  -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
0120:                             1A 40 04 21 00 03 01           .@.!...
0130: 00 06 10 1E F0 FF FF 7F  6F 70 02 01 00 06 80 00  ........op......
0140: 62 01 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  b.,........tlk0.
0150: 18 80 23 1D 19 80 23 1D  1A 80 23 1D 1B 80 23 01  ..#...#...#...#.
0160: 6F 02 02 01 00 1C 80 00  8A 01 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  o.........,.....
0170: FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  1D 80 23 1D 1E 80 23 1D  ...tlk0...#...#.
0180: 1F 80 23 1D 20 80 23 01  6F 02 02 01 00 08 80 00  ..#. .#.o.......
0190: B2 01 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  ..,........tlk0.
01A0: 21 80 23 1D 22 80 23 1D  23 80 23 1D 24 80 23 01  !.#.".#.#.#.$.#.
01B0: 6F 02 02 01 00 25 80 00  DA 01 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  o....%....,.....
01C0: FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  26 80 23 1D 27 80 23 1D  ...tlk0.&.#.'.#.
01D0: 28 80 23 1D 29 80 23 01  6F 02 02 01 00 2A 80 00  (.#.).#.o....*..
01E0: 02 02 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  ..,........tlk0.
01F0: 2B 80 23 1D 2C 80 23 1D  2D 80 23 1D 2E 80 23 01  +.#.,.#.-.#...#.
0200: 6F 02 02 01 00 2F 80 00  2A 02 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  o..../..*.,.....
0210: FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  30 80 23 1D 31 80 23 1D  ...tlk0.0.#.1.#.
0220: 32 80 23 1D 33 80 23 01  6F 02 02 01 00 34 80 00  2.#.3.#.o....4..
0230: 52 02 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  R.,........tlk0.
0240: 35 80 23 1D 36 80 23 1D  37 80 23 1D 38 80 23 01  5.#.6.#.7.#.8.#.
0250: 6F 02 2C F8 FF FF 7F F8  FF FF 7F 74 6C 6B 30 1D  o.,........tlk0.
0260: 39 80 23 1D 3A 80 23 1D  3B 80 23 1D 3C 80 23 1B  9.#.:.#.;.#.<.#.
0270: 03 01 00 06 10 1E F0 FF  FF 7F 6F 70 02 01 00 06  ..........op....
0280: 80 00 8F 02 1D 1A 80 23  1D 1B 80 23 01 09 03 02  .......#...#....
0290: 01 00 1C 80 00 A2 02 1D  1F 80 23 1D 20 80 23 01  ..........#. .#.
02A0: 09 03 02 01 00 08 80 00  B5 02 1D 23 80 23 1D 24  ...........#.#.$
02B0: 80 23 01 09 03 02 01 00  25 80 00 C8 02 1D 28 80  .#......%.....(.
02C0: 23 1D 29 80 23 01 09 03  02 01 00 2A 80 00 DB 02  #.).#......*....
02D0: 1D 2D 80 23 1D 2E 80 23  01 09 03 02 01 00 2F 80  .-.#...#....../.
02E0: 00 EE 02 1D 32 80 23 1D  33 80 23 01 09 03 02 01  ....2.#.3.#.....
02F0: 00 34 80 00 01 03 1D 37  80 23 1D 38 80 23 01 09  .4.....7.#.8.#..
0300: 03 1D 3B 80 23 1D 3C 80  23 1B 03 01 00 06 10 42  ..;.#.<.#......B
0310: 1E F0 FF FF 7F 6F 70 02  01 00 06 80 00 26 03 1D  .....op......&..
0320: 3D 80 23 01 84 03 02 01  00 1C 80 00 35 03 1D 3E  =.#.........5..>
0330: 80 23 01 84 03 02 01 00  08 80 00 44 03 1D 3F 80  .#.........D..?.
0340: 23 01 84 03 02 01 00 25  80 00 53 03 1D 40 80 23  #......%..S..@.#
0350: 01 84 03 02 01 00 2A 80  00 62 03 1D 41 80 23 01  ......*..b..A.#.
0360: 84 03 02 01 00 2F 80 00  71 03 1D 42 80 23 01 84  ...../..q..B.#..
0370: 03 02 01 00 34 80 00 80  03 1D 43 80 23 01 84 03  ....4.....C.#...
0380: 1D 44 80 23 1B 03 01 00  06 10 42 1E F0 FF FF 7F  .D.#......B.....
0390: 6F 70 02 01 00 06 80 00  A9 03 1D 45 80 23 1D 46  op.........E.#.F
03A0: 80 23 1D 47 80 23 01 3F  04 02 01 00 1C 80 00 C0  .#.G.#.?........
03B0: 03 1D 48 80 23 1D 49 80  23 1D 4A 80 23 01 3F 04  ..H.#.I.#.J.#.?.
03C0: 02 01 00 08 80 00 D7 03  1D 4B 80 23 1D 4C 80 23  .........K.#.L.#
03D0: 1D 4D 80 23 01 3F 04 02  01 00 25 80 00 EE 03 1D  .M.#.?....%.....
03E0: 4E 80 23 1D 4F 80 23 1D  50 80 23 01 3F 04 02 01  N.#.O.#.P.#.?...
03F0: 00 2A 80 00 05 04 1D 51  80 23 1D 52 80 23 1D 53  .*.....Q.#.R.#.S
0400: 80 23 01 3F 04 02 01 00  2F 80 00 1C 04 1D 54 80  .#.?..../.....T.
0410: 23 1D 55 80 23 1D 56 80  23 01 3F 04 02 01 00 34  #.U.#.V.#.?....4
0420: 80 00 33 04 1D 57 80 23  1D 58 80 23 1D 59 80 23  ..3..W.#.X.#.Y.#
0430: 01 3F 04 1D 5A 80 23 1D  5B 80 23 1D 5C 80 23 1B  .?..Z.#.[.#.\.#.
0440: 03 01 00 06 10 1E F0 FF  FF 7F 6F 70 02 01 00 06  ..........op....
0450: 80 00 5B 04 1D 47 80 23  01 B9 04 02 01 00 1C 80  ..[..G.#........
0460: 00 6A 04 1D 4A 80 23 01  B9 04 02 01 00 08 80 00  .j..J.#.........
0470: 79 04 1D 4D 80 23 01 B9  04 02 01 00 25 80 00 88  y..M.#......%...
0480: 04 1D 50 80 23 01 B9 04  02 01 00 2A 80 00 97 04  ..P.#......*....
0490: 1D 53 80 23 01 B9 04 02  01 00 2F 80 00 A6 04 1D  .S.#....../.....
04A0: 56 80 23 01 B9 04 02 01  00 34 80 00 B5 04 1D 59  V.#......4.....Y
04B0: 80 23 01 B9 04 1D 5C 80  23 1B                    .#....\.#.      
```

#### Opcodes

```
  0: 0x0129 [0x1A] CALL_SUBROUTINE(address=0x0440)
  1: 0x012C [0x21] END_EVENT
  2: 0x012D [0x00] END_REQSTACK()

SUBROUTINE_0440:
  3: 0x0440 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = Work_Zone[6]
  4: 0x0445 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
  5: 0x044A [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
  6: 0x044B [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
  7: 0x044C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 1*) GOTO 0x045B
  8: 0x0454 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17728*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
  9: 0x0457 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 10: 0x0458 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 11: 0x045B [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 2*) GOTO 0x046A
 12: 0x0463 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17731*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
 13: 0x0466 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 14: 0x0467 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 15: 0x046A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 3*) GOTO 0x0479
 16: 0x0472 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17734*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
 17: 0x0475 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 18: 0x0476 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 19: 0x0479 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 4*) GOTO 0x0488
 20: 0x0481 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17737*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
 21: 0x0484 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 22: 0x0485 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 23: 0x0488 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 5*) GOTO 0x0497
 24: 0x0490 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17740*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
 25: 0x0493 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 26: 0x0494 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 27: 0x0497 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 6*) GOTO 0x04A6
 28: 0x049F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17743*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
 29: 0x04A2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 30: 0x04A3 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 31: 0x04A6 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 7*) GOTO 0x04B5
 32: 0x04AE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17749*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
 33: 0x04B1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
 34: 0x04B2 [0x01] GOTO 0x04B9
 35: 0x04B5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17746*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
 36: 0x04B8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION

SUBROUTINE_04B9:
 37: 0x04B9 [0x1B] RETURN
```

#### Data or dead code:

```
# Dead code (unreachable instructions):
     0x012E [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0133 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0138 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0139 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x013A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 1*) GOTO 0x0162
     0x0142 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x014F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17686*)
    → "What? But how...? If that's truly from %0, that must mean...you stole it and you're ransoming it back to me! If you think for one moment that I'd pay scum like you, you'd best think twice!"
     0x0152 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0153 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17687*)
    → "Oh, I see. My apologies. How silly of me. Everyone knows how mischievous Goblins get during the Starlight Celebration season. I read somewhere that it's got something to do with the moon and the tides or whatnot."
     0x0156 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0157 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17688*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x015A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x015B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17689*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x015E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x015F [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x0162 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 2*) GOTO 0x018A
     0x016A [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0177 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17691*)
    → "Waaah, a cutthroat! Take anything you want, just not my lucky chocobo hose, please! I... Wait, isn't that the gift I sent %0? You didn't steal that too, did you!?"
     0x017A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x017B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17692*)
    → "What!? You...valiantly wrested it from the clutches of a greedy Goblin so you could return it to me? I just knew my [handsome champion/fair handmaiden] in resplendent regalia would come some day!"
     0x017E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x017F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17693*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x0182 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0183 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17694*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x0186 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0187 [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x018A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 3*) GOTO 0x01B2
     0x0192 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x019F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17696*)
    → "I beg your pardon, but I cannot help but notice that this is the parcel I sent to %0. How might you have come by it?"
     0x01A2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17697*)
    → "Ah, I see. Those Goblin rapscallions still show a complete and utter disregard for social graces, would you not agree? At any rate, you seem to possess a rather strong sense of justice, and for that I am most grateful."
     0x01A6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01A7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17698*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x01AA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01AB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17699*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x01AE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01AF [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x01B2 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 4*) GOTO 0x01DA
     0x01BA [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x01C7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17701*)
    → "What doth bring thee 'fore these rheumy eyes, orbs that pierce the soul and a stranger's guise? Harken, thou hast %0's present, from whom hast thou received such consent?"
     0x01CA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01CB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17702*)
    → "'Tis an entertaining tale with which thy jowls doth flail, A tale of Goblins run amok, and wretched me bereft of luck. Still, thanks are in store for completing this chore with a dearth of gore."
     0x01CE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01CF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17703*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x01D2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01D3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17704*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x01D6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01D7 [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x01DA [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 5*) GOTO 0x0202
     0x01E2 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x01EF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17706*)
    → "Wh-wh-what have you got there? It looks awfully-wafully like the gift I gave to %0. Did something happen? P-p-please don't tell me that %0 passy-wassed away!"
     0x01F2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01F3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17707*)
    → "...It was just a G-g-goblin prank? Sorry to overreactaru. I had a t-t-traumatic experience last Starlight Devastation--er, Celebration! So now I always feary-wear the worst. By the way, th-th-thank you for getting my gift back."
     0x01F6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01F7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17708*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x01FA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01FB [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17709*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x01FE [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x01FF [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x0202 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 6*) GOTO 0x022A
     0x020A [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x0217 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17711*)
    → "So many nasty-wasty things happened to me today, I'm just too moody-woody to listen to your blather! Begone before I--wait, isn't that my present to %0?"
     0x021A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x021B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17712*)
    → "Ugh, quit barking like a bog dog, [brother-wother/sister-wister]! I don't give a ham and cheese about giddy Goblins or lazy moogles."
     0x021E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x021F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17713*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x0222 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0223 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17714*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x0226 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0227 [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x022A [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 7*) GOTO 0x0252
     0x0232 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x023F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17721*)
    → "What have we here? A cat burrrglar? How dare you despoil the innocent people of our fair nation!"
     0x0242 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0243 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17722*)
    → "What am I talking about? That's the prrresent I sent %0! How could you have it if you didn't steal it!?"
     0x0246 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0247 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17723*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x024A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x024B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17724*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x024E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x024F [0x01] GOTO 0x026F
     0x0252 [0x2C] CREATE_SCHEDULER_TASK: Create scheduler "tlk0" with entities [EventEntity, EventEntity]
     0x025F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17716*)
    → "Hey, I sent that to %0. Why do you have it?"
     0x0262 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0263 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17717*)
    → "Hmmm. Stolen by Gobbies, huh? Thanks for getting it back."
     0x0266 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0267 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17718*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x026A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x026B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17719*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x026E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x026F [0x1B] RETURN
     0x0270 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x0275 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x027A [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x027B [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x027C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 1*) GOTO 0x028F
     0x0284 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17688*)
    → "Anyway, sorry to trouble you, but could you deliver this in my stead? I may look like a strapping young lad, but I have this illness that prevents me from doing the same task twice in one day. Quite troublesome, really."
     0x0287 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0288 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17689*)
    → "Also, could you do me a favor and report back to me after you're done? I didn't want to spend the extra gil for delivery confirmation with times as tough as they are, you know?"
     0x028B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x028C [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x028F [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 2*) GOTO 0x02A2
     0x0297 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17693*)
    → "I'm sure you've been through quite a few trials and tribulations just getting this back to me, your fair lady. However, my hands are tied at the moment and I can't take this present to %0. Therefore, I command you, my loyal follower, to act as my liaison and deliver it unscathed. I have no doubt that you'll succeed, since a [knight/handmaiden] will do anything to serve and protect [his/her] mistress."
     0x029A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x029B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17694*)
    → "And please don't forget to check in with me after the delivery is made. Every [champion/handmaiden] knows that's the [chivalrous/proper] thing to do."
     0x029E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x029F [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x02A2 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 3*) GOTO 0x02B5
     0x02AA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17698*)
    → "Could you also find it within your heart to see that this package reaches %0 safely? I may be a man of humble means, but you will certainly have my eternal gratitude and undying admiration."
     0x02AD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02AE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17699*)
    → "Oh my. This utterly slipped my addled mind. I am truly sorry, but I fear I must heap one more request upon your already burdened back. Could you please report back to me after you've made the delivery? It would undoubtedly lessen the anxiety weighing down my fragile heart."
     0x02B1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02B2 [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x02B5 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 4*) GOTO 0x02C8
     0x02BD [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17703*)
    → "While these next words may conjure a storm, I cannot assist thee in any form. Thus, I entreat thee to heed the call...deliver this gift to %0 once and for all!"
     0x02C0 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02C1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17704*)
    → "'Fore I finish this lengthy tirade, one last request must be made. Once the gift hath changed hands, return at once for further plans."
     0x02C4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02C5 [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x02C8 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 5*) GOTO 0x02DB
     0x02D0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17708*)
    → "As you can guess, m-m-my comfort zone is rather itty-bitty. I know you must be expired--tired! But can you please helpy-welp me and deliver my present to %0?"
     0x02D3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02D4 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17709*)
    → "After you pass on--the gift! Pass the gift on! Then c-c-could you report back to me? I truly-wuly want to know how %0 reacts."
     0x02D7 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02D8 [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x02DB [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 6*) GOTO 0x02EE
     0x02E3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17713*)
    → "You think you're so great because you saved my present from some baddie-waddies? Bah humbug-wumbug! If you're gonna stick your nosey-wose in others' business, then you bettaru finish what you started! You'll be taking that gift on over to %0, I tell you what!"
     0x02E6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02E7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17714*)
    → "And don't think for a minute-winute that I'm going to let you get away with ruining my day! Report back here for a tongue-lashing when you're done! Now get going before I gutaru you right here and now!"
     0x02EA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02EB [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x02EE [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 7*) GOTO 0x0301
     0x02F6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17723*)
    → "Oh, I see. You're a defender of justice too. Good job negotiating with those Goblin scum. I just hope that rrrepeating that story to everyone you've saved hasn't got you hacking up hairballs."
     0x02F9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17724*)
    → "But enough tail wagging. I have some prey I need to take care of, so could you rrredeliver that gift to %0 and report back to me when you're done?"
     0x02FD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x02FE [0x01] GOTO 0x0309
     0x0301 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17718*)
    → "Sorry to burden you, but could you bring it to %0 again for me?"
     0x0304 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0305 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17719*)
    → "Also, I'd like it if you could please fill me in when you're done."
     0x0308 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0309 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x030A [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x030F [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x0310 [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0315 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0316 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0317 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 1*) GOTO 0x0326
     0x031F [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17690*)
    → "I take it you delivered my present safe and sound? Oh, and it was well received, too? Ha, you didn't need to tell me that, for my gifts are always a hit. I guess I should thank you though, seeing as how you played a tiny part in my Starlight Celebration success."
     0x0322 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0323 [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0326 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 2*) GOTO 0x0335
     0x032E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17695*)
    → "How fared your journey, my [courageous champion/humble handmaiden]? Oh, I simply knew I could place my complete trust in you! You've not only made your fair lady quite proud, but saved the Starlight Celebration from those covetous beastmen! Oh, joyous day!"
     0x0331 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0332 [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0335 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 3*) GOTO 0x0344
     0x033D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17700*)
    → "Goddess be good, you have returned! And with favorable tidings, no? Splendid. Absolutely splendid. Thanks to you, I feel as if I could burst into a Starlight carol at any moment. Fa-la-la-la`t."
     0x0340 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0341 [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0344 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 4*) GOTO 0x0353
     0x034C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17705*)
    → "Thou hast safely returned from thy trial? Upon us both doth Altana smile! To thee, the savior of the Starlight Celebration, I do give heartfelt acclamations!"
     0x034F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0350 [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0353 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 5*) GOTO 0x0362
     0x035B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17710*)
    → "Ah, you're back! It's %0's most perished, er, cherished possession, you say? Wh-wh-what lofty-wofty praise! I can't thank you enough for your c-c-contributions, adventurer."
     0x035E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x035F [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0362 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 6*) GOTO 0x0371
     0x036A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17715*)
    → "Hmph, so you're stupid as well as rude? Are you so subservient that you'd actually come backy-wack for a beating? Get out of my face! You disgustaru me. Oh, and Merry Starlight!"
     0x036D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x036E [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0371 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 7*) GOTO 0x0380
     0x0379 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17725*)
    → "What timing! I've just rrreturned from my own mission. Whew, good thing %0 liked it! That little trinket was as high priced as the hair on a cat's back! Anyway, thanks for your help. If your fur ever gets rubbed the wrong way, give me a sign and I'll come rrroaring to the rescue!"
     0x037C [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x037D [0x01] GOTO 0x0384
     0x0380 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17720*)
    → "I see you've returned. Mmm...that's good news indeed. Thank you for the kindness you've shown me and my friend."
     0x0383 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0384 [0x1B] RETURN
     0x0385 [0x03] ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] = Work_Zone[6]
     0x038A [0x42] SET_CLI_EVENT_CANCEL_DATA()
     0x038B [0x1E] EventEntity looks at LocalPlayer and starts talking
     0x0390 [0x6F] WAIT_FRAME_DELAY: Yield until WaitTime reaches zero
     0x0391 [0x70] WAIT_ENTITY_RENDER_FLAG: Wait while EventEntity->Render.Flags3 bit 2 is set (cancel turn if not)
     0x0392 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 1*) GOTO 0x03A9
     0x039A [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17726*)
    → "A present...from %0? Oh, glorious day! This is for all those times I never got a present and kept telling myself next year will be the one."
     0x039D [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x039E [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17727*)
    → "I'm at a loss for what to say! I'm just overwhelmed with a waterfall of emotion! Thank you so much!"
     0x03A1 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03A2 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17728*)
    → "And please thank %0 the next time you see that good samaritan. The person who said, "'Tis better to give than receive" probably never had a gift drought as long as mine. I feel fantastic!"
     0x03A5 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03A6 [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x03A9 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 2*) GOTO 0x03C0
     0x03B1 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17729*)
    → "Oh, is that...a present? From %0, you say?"
     0x03B4 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03B5 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17730*)
    → "Ugh, it figures. Did it come with a card that says something pathetic like "I've died a thousand deaths drowning in the depths of your eyes"? That scoundrel has been stalking me ever since we happened to meet one day on a boat to Buburimu Peninsula."
     0x03B8 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03B9 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17731*)
    → "I'm actually quite fed up with these ridiculous baubles, but I'm not one for losing face. If you should see %0 again, please give my regards and say I found the gift rather...quaint."
     0x03BC [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03BD [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x03C0 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 3*) GOTO 0x03D7
     0x03C8 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17732*)
    → "What's this? A present addressed to me from %0?"
     0x03CB [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03CC [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17733*)
    → "How unexpectedly charming and thoughtful. This has certainly brightened what was about to be a gloomy Starlight Celebration."
     0x03CF [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03D0 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17734*)
    → "Would you be so kind as to tell %0 that I truly appreciate the gift? I am also thoroughly impressed with your selfless nature, adventurer."
     0x03D3 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03D4 [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x03D7 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 4*) GOTO 0x03EE
     0x03DF [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17735*)
    → "Could it be...? Indeed, it is benevolence manifest, emanating from the humble home of one %0?"
     0x03E2 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03E3 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17736*)
    → "What a decidedly pleasant surprise. I am simply beside myself with an unbridled, childish glee that has not washed over me in ever so long. I swear that I am on the brink of giggling like I used to when I was still knee-high to a Taru."
     0x03E6 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03E7 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17737*)
    → "The finite words of us mere mortals may not be sufficient to convey the depths of my gratitude, but I earnestly hope %0 would appreciate a succinct "Thank you.""
     0x03EA [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03EB [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x03EE [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 5*) GOTO 0x0405
     0x03F6 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17738*)
    → "A present from...%0? This isn't one of those tricky-wicky flimflams, is it?"
     0x03F9 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03FA [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17739*)
    → "Of course I'll take it! I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, even if it's from my mortaru enemy! Maybe %0 has turned over a new leaf since we last met..."
     0x03FD [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x03FE [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17740*)
    → "Well then, I suppose some thanks are in order. But if I find out that this was just some elaborataru scheme to make me lower my guard, I'm going to boppy-wop you both in the noggin!"
     0x0401 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0402 [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x0405 [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 6*) GOTO 0x041C
     0x040D [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17741*)
    → "Oooh, a gift from %0? What jolly-wolly tidings you've brought, adventurer."
     0x0410 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0411 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17742*)
    → "I wonder what's inside... Could it be a scrum-diddly-umptious cake? But I've already gotten so roly-poly during the holiday season! Maybe I should just send it back!"
     0x0414 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0415 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17743*)
    → "No, thataru wouldn't be right. Besides, it might not be edible. Anyway, please be sure to thank %0 for pudding the icing on such a delectable Starcake Chocolation. Ugh, I'm just terrible!"
     0x0418 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0419 [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x041C [0x02] IF !(ExtData[1]->WorkLocal[1] == 7*) GOTO 0x0433
     0x0424 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17747*)
    → "A present for me? I'm a lone lioness, and I don't need to share my kills with anyone!"
     0x0427 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0428 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17748*)
    → "What? %0 wanted me to have this? Well, I guess I could take it..."
     0x042B [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x042C [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17749*)
    → "Don't get the wrrrong idea! It's not like I enjoy the gift or anything! Just run back to %0 and drop dead! This conversation never happened!"
     0x042F [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0430 [0x01] GOTO 0x043F
     0x0433 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17744*)
    → "Why would %0 be sending me a gift? It's not like there's anything special going on."
     0x0436 [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x0437 [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17745*)
    → "The Starlight Celebration, you say? So that explains the light shows and festive atmosphere around here lately. My head just hasn't been the same since I fell off that chocobo last month."
     0x043A [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x043B [0x1D] PRINT_EVENT_MESSAGE(message_id=17746*)
    → "I best start looking for something to give in return. In the meantime, please tell %0 how happy I am to have received this. And maybe next year I'll remember before it's too late. <Sigh>...One can only hope."
     0x043E [0x23] WAIT_FOR_DIALOG_INTERACTION
     0x043F [0x1B] RETURN
```
